#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 28.12 18:19 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 126433 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                                           # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.dune_platter.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.dune_platter
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.escargot.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.escargot
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.perch_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.perch_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.pike_slice.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.pike_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.seared_venison.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.seared_venison
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.silver_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.silver_knife
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.slabdish.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.slabdish
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots
fe.protection.craft.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice
fe.protection.craft.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge
fe.protection.craft.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack
fe.protection.craft.adpother.aerometer.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.aerometer
fe.protection.craft.adpother.diamond_respirator.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.diamond_respirator
fe.protection.craft.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.craft.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.craft.adpother.gold_respirator.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.gold_respirator
fe.protection.craft.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.craft.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.craft.adpother.iron_respirator.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.iron_respirator
fe.protection.craft.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.craft.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.craft.adpother.polluted_water_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.adpother.polluted_water_bucket
fe.protection.craft.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers
fe.protection.craft.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.craft.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle
fe.protection.craft.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes
fe.protection.craft.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.ambergris.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.ambergris
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.ancient_dart.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.ancient_dart
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.banana.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.banana
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.bear_fur.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.bear_fur
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.blobfish.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.blobfish
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.blood_sac.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.blood_sac
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.centipede_leg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.centipede_leg
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.echolocator.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.echolocator
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.emu_egg.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.emu_egg
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.emu_feather.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.emu_feather
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.emu_leggings.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.emu_leggings
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.endolocator.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.endolocator
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.falconry_glove.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.falconry_hood.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.falconry_hood
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.fedora.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.fedora
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.fish_oil.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.fish_oil
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.frontier_cap.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.frontier_cap
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.gongylidia.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.gongylidia
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.guster_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.guster_eye
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.halo.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.halo
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.komodo_spit.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.lava_bottle.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.lava_bottle
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.lobster_tail.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.lobster_tail
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.maggot.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.maggot
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.maraca.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.maraca
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.mimicream.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.mimicream
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.moose_antler.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.moose_antler
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.moose_headgear.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.moose_headgear
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.moose_ribs.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.moose_ribs
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.pocket_sand.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.pocket_sand
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.poison_bottle.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.poison_bottle
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.shark_tooth.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.sombrero.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.sombrero
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.soul_heart.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.soul_heart
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spiked_scute.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spiked_scute
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.straddleboard.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.straddleboard
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.straddlite.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.straddlite
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.tab_icon.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.tab_icon
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.warped_mixture.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.warped_mixture
fe.protection.craft.alexsmobs.warped_muscle.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alexsmobs.warped_muscle
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.aluminum_clump.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.aluminum_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.aluminum_crystal.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.aluminum_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.aluminum_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.aluminum_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.aluminum_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.aluminum_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.aluminum_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.aluminum_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.copper_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.copper_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.copper_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.copper_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.copper_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.copper_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.copper_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.copper_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.copper_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.copper_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.gold_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.gold_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.iron_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.iron_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.lead_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.lead_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.lead_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.lead_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.lead_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.lead_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.lead_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.lead_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.lead_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.lead_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.lead_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.lead_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.nickel_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.nickel_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.nickel_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.nickel_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.nickel_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.nickel_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.nickel_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.nickel_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.nickel_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.nickel_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.nickel_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.nickel_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.osmium_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.osmium_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.osmium_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.osmium_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.osmium_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.osmium_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.osmium_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.osmium_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.osmium_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.osmium_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.osmium_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.osmium_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.platinum_clump.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.platinum_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.platinum_crystal.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.platinum_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.platinum_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.platinum_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.platinum_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.platinum_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.platinum_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.platinum_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.platinum_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.platinum_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.silver_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.silver_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.silver_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.silver_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.silver_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.silver_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.silver_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.silver_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.silver_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.silver_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.silver_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.silver_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.tin_clump.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.tin_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.tin_crystal.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.tin_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.tin_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.tin_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.tin_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.tin_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.tin_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.tin_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.tin_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.tin_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.uranium_clump.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.uranium_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.uranium_crystal.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.uranium_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.uranium_dust.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.uranium_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.uranium_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.uranium_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.uranium_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.uranium_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.uranium_shard.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.uranium_shard
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.zinc_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.zinc_clump
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.zinc_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.zinc_crystal
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.zinc_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.zinc_dust
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.zinc_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.zinc_ingot
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.zinc_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.zinc_nugget
fe.protection.craft.alltheores.zinc_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.alltheores.zinc_shard
fe.protection.craft.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas
fe.protection.craft.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.algae.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.algae
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.arapaima.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.arapaima
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.arrau_turtle.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.atlantic_cod.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.atlantic_herring.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.bayad.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.bayad
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.bayad_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.bayad_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.blackfish.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.blackfish
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.bluegill.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.bluegill
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.bobber.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.bobber
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.boulti.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.boulti
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.boulti_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.boulti_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.box.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.box
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.box_turtle.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.box_turtle
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.brown_shrooma.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.brown_trout.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.brown_trout
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.capitaine.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.capitaine
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.carp.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.carp
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.carp_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.carp_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.catfish.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.catfish
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.catfish_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.catfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.diamond_hook.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.diamond_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.double_hook.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.double_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.driftwood.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.driftwood
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.fish_bones.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.fish_bones
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.fishing_line.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.fishing_line
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.frog.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.frog
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.gar.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.gar
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.gar_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.gar_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.gold_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.gold_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.goldfish.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.goldfish
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.heavy_hook.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.heavy_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.iron_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.iron_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.jellyfish.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.jellyfish
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.leech.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.leech
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.light_hook.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.light_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.lockbox.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.lockbox
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.minnow.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.minnow
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.minnow_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.minnow_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.muskellunge.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.muskellunge
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_axe
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_boots
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_bow.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_bow
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.neptunium_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.neptunium_sword
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.nether_star_hook.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.nether_star_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.note_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.note_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.pacific_halibut.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.perch.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.perch
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.perch_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.perch_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.pink_salmon.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.pink_salmon
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.piranha.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.piranha
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.piranha_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.pollock.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.pollock
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.pollock_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.pollock_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.rainbow_trout.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.red_grouper.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.red_grouper
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.red_shrooma.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.red_shrooma
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.redstone_hook.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.redstone_hook
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.starshell_turtle.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.sushi.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.sushi
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.synodontis.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.synodontis
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.tambaqui.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.tambaqui
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.tin_can.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.tin_can
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.treasure_chest.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.treasure_chest
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.tuna.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.tuna
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.tuna_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.tuna_bucket
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.turtle_soup.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.turtle_soup
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife
fe.protection.craft.aquaculture.worm.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.aquaculture.worm
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.auto_chestplate_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.auto_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.auto_leggings_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.auto_leggings_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.cool_boots_liner.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.cool_boots_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.cool_chestplate_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.cool_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.cool_helmet_liner.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.cool_helmet_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.cool_leggings_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.cool_leggings_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.cool_liner_material.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.cool_liner_material
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.cooling_goo.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.cooling_goo
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.flipflop_goo.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.flipflop_goo
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.flipflop_liner_material.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.flipflop_liner_material
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.goopak_cool.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.goopak_cool
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.goopak_heat.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.goopak_heat
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.goopak_spent.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.goopak_spent
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.heating_goo.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.heating_goo
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.liner_snips.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.liner_snips
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.mod_icon.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.mod_icon
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.special_liner_snips.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.special_liner_snips
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.warm_boots_liner.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.warm_boots_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.warm_chestplate_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.warm_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.warm_helmet_liner.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.warm_helmet_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.warm_leggings_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.warm_leggings_liner
fe.protection.craft.armorunder.warm_liner_material.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.auw.warm_liner_material
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.antidote_vessel.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.antidote_vessel
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.aqua_dashers.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.aqua_dashers
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.bunny_hoppers.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.bunny_hoppers
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.charm_of_sinking.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.charm_of_sinking
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.cross_necklace.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.cross_necklace
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.crystal_heart.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.crystal_heart
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.digging_claws.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.digging_claws
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.eternal_steak.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.eternal_steak
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.everlasting_beef.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.everlasting_beef
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.feral_claws.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.feral_claws
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.fire_gauntlet.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.fire_gauntlet
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.flame_pendant.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.flame_pendant
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.flippers.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.flippers
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.golden_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.golden_hook
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.helium_flamingo.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.helium_flamingo
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.kitty_slippers.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.kitty_slippers
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.lucky_scarf.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.lucky_scarf
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.night_vision_goggles.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.night_vision_goggles
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.obsidian_skull.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.obsidian_skull
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.panic_necklace.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.panic_necklace
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.pocket_piston.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.pocket_piston
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.power_glove.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.power_glove
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.running_shoes.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.running_shoes
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.shock_pendant.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.shock_pendant
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.snorkel.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.snorkel
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.steadfast_spikes.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.steadfast_spikes
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.superstitious_hat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.superstitious_hat
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.thorn_pendant.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.thorn_pendant
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.umbrella.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.umbrella
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.universal_attractor.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.universal_attractor
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.vampiric_glove.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.vampiric_glove
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.villager_hat.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.villager_hat
fe.protection.craft.artifacts.whoopee_cushion.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.artifacts.whoopee_cushion
fe.protection.craft.astikorcarts.animal_cart.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.astikorcarts.animal_cart
fe.protection.craft.astikorcarts.plow.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.astikorcarts.plow
fe.protection.craft.astikorcarts.supply_cart.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.astikorcarts.supply_cart
fe.protection.craft.astikorcarts.wheel.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.astikorcarts.wheel
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.antler.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.antler
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.blubber.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.blubber
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy
fe.protection.craft.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_boots
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.amber_gem.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.amber_gem
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.amber_root_raw.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.amber_root_raw
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.blossom_berry.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.blossom_berry
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.crystal_shards.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.crystal_shards
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.crystalite_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.crystalite_boots
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.diamond_hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.diamond_hammer
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.enchanted_petal.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.enchanted_petal
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.end_fish_raw.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.end_fish_raw
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.ender_dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.ender_dust
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.ender_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.ender_shard
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.eternal_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.eternal_crystal
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.gelatine.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.gelatine
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.glowing_bulb.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.glowing_bulb
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.golden_hammer.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.golden_hammer
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.guidebook.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.guidebook
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.hydralux_petal.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.hydralux_petal
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.iron_hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.iron_hammer
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.leather_stripe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.leather_stripe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.netherite_hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.netherite_hammer
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.raw_amber.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.raw_amber
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.silk_fiber.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.silk_fiber
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_axe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_boots
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_hammer
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_helmet
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_ingot
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_leggings
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_nugget
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_sword
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_boots
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle
fe.protection.craft.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice
fe.protection.craft.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.bop_icon.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.bop_icon
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.dead_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.dead_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.fir_boat.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.fir_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.magic_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.magic_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mud_ball.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.mud_ball
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.mud_brick
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.palm_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.palm_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.willow_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.biomesoplenty.willow_boat
fe.protection.craft.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item
fe.protection.craft.blockcarpentry.chisel.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.blockcarpentry.chisel
fe.protection.craft.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball
fe.protection.craft.blockcarpentry.hammer.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.blockcarpentry.hammer
fe.protection.craft.blockcarpentry.paintbrush.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.blockcarpentry.paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.ai.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.ai
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc
fe.protection.craft.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_base.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_base
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_epic.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_epic
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_excellent.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_excellent
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_good.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_good
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_great.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_great
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_legendary.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_legendary
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_poor.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_poor
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_verygood.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_verygood
fe.protection.craft.carrots.barter_token_verypoor.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.barter_token_verypoor
fe.protection.craft.carrots.cowmilk_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.cowmilk_bucket
fe.protection.craft.carrots.experience_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.experience_bucket
fe.protection.craft.carrots.honey_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.honey_bucket
fe.protection.craft.carrots.oatmilk_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.oatmilk_bucket
fe.protection.craft.carrots.potable_water_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.potable_water_bucket
fe.protection.craft.carrots.seedoil_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.seedoil_bucket
fe.protection.craft.carrots.squidink_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.carrots.squidink_bucket
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.block_bit
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.quill.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.quill
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.sealant.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.sealant
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.unseal.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.unseal
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.wrench.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.chiselsandbits.wrench
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocobo_feather.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocobo_feather
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocobo_saddle.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocobo_whistle.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocobo_whistle
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.chocopedia.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.chocopedia
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.gold_gysahl.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.gold_gysahl
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.gysahl_cake.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.gysahl_cake
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.gysahl_green.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.gysahl_green
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.pink_gysahl.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.pink_gysahl
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.red_gysahl.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.red_gysahl
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.citadel.citadel_book.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.citadel.citadel_book
fe.protection.craft.citadel.debug.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.citadel.debug
fe.protection.craft.citadel.effect_item.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.citadel.effect_item
fe.protection.craft.citadel.fancy_item.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.citadel.fancy_item
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.filled_waterskin.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Waterskin
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.fur.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.fur
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.fur_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.fur_boots
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.fur_cap.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.fur_cap
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.fur_pants.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.fur_pants
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.fur_parka.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.fur_parka
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.thermometer.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.thermometer
fe.protection.craft.cold_sweat.waterskin.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.cold_sweat.waterskin
fe.protection.craft.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat
fe.protection.craft.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball
fe.protection.craft.constructionwand.core_angel.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.constructionwand.core_angel
fe.protection.craft.constructionwand.core_destruction.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.constructionwand.core_destruction
fe.protection.craft.constructionwand.diamond_wand.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.constructionwand.diamond_wand
fe.protection.craft.constructionwand.infinity_wand.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.constructionwand.infinity_wand
fe.protection.craft.constructionwand.iron_wand.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.constructionwand.iron_wand
fe.protection.craft.constructionwand.stone_wand.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.constructionwand.stone_wand
fe.protection.craft.coupons.brewing_coupon.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.coupons.brewing_coupon
fe.protection.craft.coupons.crafting_coupon.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.coupons.crafting_coupon
fe.protection.craft.coupons.experience_coupon.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.coupons.experience_coupon
fe.protection.craft.coupons.furnace_coupon.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.coupons.furnace_coupon
fe.protection.craft.coupons.loot_coupon.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.coupons.loot_coupon
fe.protection.craft.coupons.trading_coupon.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.coupons.trading_coupon
fe.protection.craft.curios.amulet.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.curios.amulet
fe.protection.craft.curios.crown.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.curios.crown
fe.protection.craft.curios.knuckles.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.curios.knuckles
fe.protection.craft.curios.ring.*                                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.curios.ring
fe.protection.craft.daily_rewards.taken_reward.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.daily_rewards.taken_reward
fe.protection.craft.direbats.direbat_fang.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.direbats.direbat_fang
fe.protection.craft.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow
fe.protection.craft.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.crow_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.crow_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.golden_bone.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.golden_bone
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.guard_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.guard_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.home_gem.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.home_gem
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.king_crown.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.king_crown
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.king_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.king_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.leech_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.leech_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.ore_detector.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.ore_detector
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.pice_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.pice_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.potion_straw.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.potion_straw
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.sun_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.sun_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.translatable_book.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.translatable_book
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.unstable_map.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.unstable_map
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.void_tome.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.void_tome
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg
fe.protection.craft.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.horn.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.horn
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg
fe.protection.craft.eccentrictome.tome.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.eccentrictome.tome
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.bolloom_balloon.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.bolloom_fruit.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.bolloom_fruit
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.booflo_hide.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.booflo_hide
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.booflo_vest.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.booflo_vest
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.eumus_brick.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.eumus_brick
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.poise_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.poise_boat
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.puffbug_bottle.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.puffbug_bottle
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.craft.endrem.black_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.black_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.cold_eye.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.cold_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.corrupted_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.corrupted_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_axe.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_axe
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_boots
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_eye.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_fragment.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_fragment
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_helmet.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_helmet
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_hoe.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_hoe
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_ingot
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_leggings.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_leggings
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_shovel.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_shovel
fe.protection.craft.endrem.end_crystal_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.end_crystal_sword
fe.protection.craft.endrem.guardian_eye.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.guardian_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.lost_eye.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.lost_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.magical_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.magical_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.nether_eye.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.nether_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.old_eye.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.old_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.rogue_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.rogue_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.witch_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.witch_eye
fe.protection.craft.endrem.witch_pupil.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.witch_pupil
fe.protection.craft.endrem.wither_eye.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.endrem.wither_eye
fe.protection.craft.engineersdecor.metal_bar.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.engineersdecor.metal_bar
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.birch_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.birch_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.dead_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.dead_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.fir_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.fir_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_acacia_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_acacia_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_aspen_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_aspen_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_birch_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_birch_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_cherry_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_cherry_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_crimson_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_crimson_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_dead_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_dead_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_fir_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_fir_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_jungle_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_jungle_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_kousa_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_kousa_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_magic_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_magic_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_maple_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_maple_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_morado_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_morado_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_oak_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_oak_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_palm_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_palm_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_poise_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_poise_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_redwood_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_redwood_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_river_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_river_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_sakura_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_sakura_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_spruce_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_spruce_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_umbran_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_umbran_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_warped_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_warped_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_willow_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_willow_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.large_yucca_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.large_yucca_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.magic_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.magic_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.maple_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.maple_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.morado_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.morado_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.oak_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.palm_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.palm_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.poise_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.poise_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.river_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.river_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.river_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.river_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.warped_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.warped_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.willow_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat
fe.protection.craft.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat
fe.protection.craft.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.apple_cider.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.apple_cider
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.bacon.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.bacon
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.beef_patty.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.beef_patty
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.beef_stew.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.beef_stew
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cabbage.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cabbage
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cake_slice.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.canvas.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.canvas
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.chicken_soup.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.chicken_soup
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cod_slice.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cod_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cooked_rice.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cooked_rice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.diamond_knife.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.diamond_knife
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.dog_food.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.dog_food
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.dumplings.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.dumplings
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.fish_stew.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.fish_stew
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.flint_knife.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.flint_knife
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.fried_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.fried_egg
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.fried_rice.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.fried_rice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.fruit_salad.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.fruit_salad
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.golden_knife.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.golden_knife
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.ham.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.ham
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.hamburger.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.hamburger
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.honey_cookie.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.honey_cookie
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.horse_feed.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.horse_feed
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.iron_knife.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.iron_knife
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.melon_juice.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.melon_juice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.milk_bottle.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.milk_bottle
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.minced_beef.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.minced_beef
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.mixed_salad.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.mixed_salad
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.mutton_chops.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.mutton_chops
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.nether_salad.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.nether_salad
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.netherite_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.netherite_knife
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.noodle_soup.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.noodle_soup
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.pie_crust.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.pie_crust
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.ratatouille.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.ratatouille
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.raw_pasta.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.raw_pasta
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.rice_panicle.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.rice_panicle
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.roast_chicken.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.roast_chicken
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.salmon_slice.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.salmon_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.smoked_ham.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.smoked_ham
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.straw.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.straw
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.tomato.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.tomato
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.tree_bark.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.tree_bark
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup
fe.protection.craft.farmersdelight.wheat_dough.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersdelight.wheat_dough
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.black_cod.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.black_cod
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.black_tea.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.black_tea
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.blazing_chili.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.blazing_chili
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.coffee.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.coffee
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.coffee_berries.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.coffee_berries
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.green_tea.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.green_tea
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.purulent_tea.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.purulent_tea
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.rose_hips.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.rose_hips
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.tea_curry.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.tea_curry
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.yellow_tea.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea
fe.protection.craft.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves
fe.protection.craft.ftblibrary.fluid_container.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ftblibrary.fluid_container
fe.protection.craft.ftbquests.book.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ftbquests.book
fe.protection.craft.ftbquests.custom_icon.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.ftbquests.custom_icon
fe.protection.craft.ftbquests.lootcrate.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.ftbquests.lootcrate
fe.protection.craft.ftbquests.missing_item.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ftbquests.missing_item
fe.protection.craft.gates.frequency_changer.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.gates.frequency_changer
fe.protection.craft.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter
fe.protection.craft.gates.redstone_torch_pearl.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.gates.redstone_torch_pearl
fe.protection.craft.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.lolipop.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.lolipop
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.necrum.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.necrum
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel
fe.protection.craft.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword
fe.protection.craft.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.hardcore_torches.animal_fat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.hardcore_torches.animal_fat
fe.protection.craft.hardcore_torches.oil_can.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.hardcore_torches.oil_can
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.ambrosia.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.ambrosia
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.amphithere_feather.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.amphithere_feather
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.amphithere_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.amphithere_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.amythest_gem.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.amythest_gem
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_amythest_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_amythest_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_amythest_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_amythest_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_black_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_black_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_black_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_black_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_blue_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_blue_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_blue_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_blue_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_bronze_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_bronze_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_bronze_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_bronze_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_electric_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_electric_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_electric_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_electric_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_gray_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_gray_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_gray_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_gray_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_green_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_green_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_green_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_green_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_red_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_red_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_red_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_red_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_white_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_white_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_white_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.armor_white_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.bestiary.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.bestiary
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.blindfold.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.blindfold
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.cannoli.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.cannoli
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.chain.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.chain
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.chain_sticky.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.chain_sticky
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.copper_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.copper_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.copper_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.copper_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.copper_ingot
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.copper_nugget
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.copper_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.copper_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.copper_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.copper_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.cyclops_eye.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.cyclops_eye
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.cyclops_skull.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.cyclops_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_flute.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_flute
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_horn.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_horn
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_meal.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_meal
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragon_stick.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragon_stick
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_body.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_head.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_neck.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_tail.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_body.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_head.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_neck.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_tail.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_body.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_head.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_neck.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_tail.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_body.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_head.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_neck.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_tail.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_body.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_head.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_neck.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_tail.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_body.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_head.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_neck.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_tail.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_body.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_head.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_neck.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_tail.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_body.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_head.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_neck.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_tail.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_amythest.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_black.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_bronze.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_copper.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_electric.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_gray.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_green.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_red.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_sapphire.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_silver.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonegg_white.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_amythest.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_black.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_blue.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_bronze.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_copper.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_electric.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_gray.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_green.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_red.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_sapphire.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_silver.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonscales_white.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dread_key.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dread_key
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dread_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dread_shard
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.dread_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.dread_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.earplugs.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.earplugs
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.ectoplasm.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.ectoplasm
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.fire_stew.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.fire_stew
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.fishing_spear.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.fishing_spear
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.frost_stew.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.frost_stew
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.ghost_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.ghost_ingot
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.ghost_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.ghost_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.gorgon_head.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.gorgon_head
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hydra_arrow.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hydra_arrow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hydra_fang.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hydra_fang
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hydra_heart.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hydra_heart
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.hydra_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.hydra_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.lich_staff.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.lich_staff
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.lightning_stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.lightning_stew
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.manuscript.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.manuscript
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.pixie_dust.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.pixie_dust
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.pixie_wand.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.pixie_wand
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.pixie_wings.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.pixie_wings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.rotten_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.rotten_egg
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sapphire_gem.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sapphire_gem
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sheep_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sheep_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sheep_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sheep_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sheep_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sheep_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.shiny_scales.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.shiny_scales
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.silver_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.silver_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.silver_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.silver_hoe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.silver_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.silver_ingot
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.silver_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.silver_nugget
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.silver_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.silver_shovel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.silver_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.silver_sword
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.siren_flute.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.siren_flute
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.siren_tear.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.siren_tear
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.stone_statue.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.stone_statue
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_blue_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_blue_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_blue_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_blue_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_bronze_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_bronze_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_bronze_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_bronze_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_green_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_green_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_green_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_green_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_purple_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_purple_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_purple_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_purple_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_red_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_red_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_red_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_red_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_teal_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_teal_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_teal_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_teal_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_trident.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.tide_trident
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_skull
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_tusk.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_tusk
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.wither_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.wither_shard
fe.protection.craft.iceandfire.witherbone.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.iceandfire.witherbone
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.curry_base.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.curry_base
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.diced_onion.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.diced_onion
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.monster_tuft.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.monster_tuft
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.potato_cubes.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.potato_cubes
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.potato_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.potato_slice
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.pyttipanna.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.pyttipanna
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank
fe.protection.craft.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.axe_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.axe_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.blueprint.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.blueprint
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.buckshot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.buckshot
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.casull.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.casull
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.chemthrower.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.chemthrower
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.circuit_board.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.circuit_board
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.coal_coke.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.coal_coke
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.component_iron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.component_iron
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.component_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.component_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.coresample.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.coresample
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.drill.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.drill
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_coke.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_coke
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_copper.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_copper
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_gold.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_gold
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_iron.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_iron
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_lead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_lead
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_silver.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_silver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_steel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.dust_wood.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.dust_wood
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.earmuffs.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.earmuffs
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.electron_tube.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.electron_tube
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.empty_casing.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.empty_casing
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.empty_shell.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.empty_shell
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.firework.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.firework
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.flare.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.flare
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.hammer
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.he.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.he
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.homing.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.homing
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.jerrycan.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.jerrycan
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.manual.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.manual
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_gear.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_gear
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_plate.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_plate
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_rod.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_rod
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.mold_wire.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.mold_wire
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_copper.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_copper
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_gold.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_gold
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_iron.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_iron
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_lead.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_lead
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_silver.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_silver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.potion.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.potion
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.powerpack.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.powerpack
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.railgun.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.railgun
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.revolver.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.revolver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.rockcutter.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.rockcutter
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.sawblade.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.sawblade
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.screwdriver.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shader.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shader
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_common.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_epic.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_ie_masterwork.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_rare.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_uncommon.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shield.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shield
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.silver.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.silver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.skyhook.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.skyhook
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.slag.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.slag
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.speedloader.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.speedloader
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.stick_iron.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.stick_iron
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.stick_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.stick_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.stick_treated.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.stick_treated
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.survey_tools.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.survey_tools
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.sword_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.sword_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolbox.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolbox
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.voltmeter.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.voltmeter
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wire_copper.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wire_copper
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wire_lead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wire_lead
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wire_steel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wire_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wirecutter.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wirecutter
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wolfpack.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wolfpack
fe.protection.craft.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.bitumen.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.bitumen
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.debug.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.debug
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.oil_can.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.oil_can
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.petcoke.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.projector.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.projector
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.speedboat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.speedboat
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders
fe.protection.craft.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_constantan.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_constantan
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_copper.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_copper
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_electrum.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_electrum
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_gold.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_gold
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_lead.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_lead
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_nickel.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_nickel
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_silver.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_silver
fe.protection.craft.immersiveposts.stick_uranium.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiveposts.stick_uranium
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_augment.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_augment
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_hook.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_hook
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_manual.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_manual
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_plate.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_plate
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_rail.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_rail
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key
fe.protection.craft.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.always_false.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.always_false
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.always_true.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.always_true
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.and.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.and
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.block.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.block
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.custom.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.custom
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.damage.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.damage
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.id_regex.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.id_regex
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.item_group.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.item_group
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.max_count.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.max_count
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.mod.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.mod
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.not.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.not
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.or.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.or
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.strong_nbt.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.strong_nbt
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.tag.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.tag
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.weak_nbt.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.weak_nbt
fe.protection.craft.itemfilters.xor.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemfilters.xor
fe.protection.craft.locksmith.blank_key.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.locksmith.blank_key
fe.protection.craft.locksmith.blank_lock.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.locksmith.blank_lock
fe.protection.craft.locksmith.blank_lock_button.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.locksmith.blank_lock_button
fe.protection.craft.locksmith.key.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.locksmith.key
fe.protection.craft.locksmith.keyring.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.locksmith.keyring
fe.protection.craft.locksmith.lock.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.locksmith.lock
fe.protection.craft.locksmith.lockpick.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.locksmith.lockpick
fe.protection.craft.manure.manure.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.manure.manure
fe.protection.craft.mcwbridges.pliers.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwbridges.pliers
fe.protection.craft.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_acacia.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_acacia
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_birch.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_birch
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_jungle.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_jungle
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_mystic.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_nether.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_nether
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_oak.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_oak
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_spruce.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_spruce
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_swamp.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.craft.mcwdoors.print_waffle.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwdoors.print_waffle
fe.protection.craft.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door
fe.protection.craft.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer
fe.protection.craft.mcwroofs.rain_gutter.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwroofs.rain_gutter
fe.protection.craft.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.craft.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical
fe.protection.craft.mcwwindows.hammer.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwwindows.hammer
fe.protection.craft.mcwwindows.key.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwwindows.key
fe.protection.craft.mcwwindows.window_base.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwwindows.window_base
fe.protection.craft.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base
fe.protection.craft.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base
fe.protection.craft.measurements.tape_measure.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.measurements.tape_measure
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.acacia_boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.air.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT block.minecraft.air
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.armor_stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.baked_potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.beetroot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.beetroot_soup
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.birch_boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.black_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.black_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.blaze_powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.blaze_rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blue_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.blue_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone_meal.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bone_meal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brown_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.brown_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chainmail_boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chainmail_helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chainmail_leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.charcoal.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.charcoal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chest_minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.chorus_fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.clay_ball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cod.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cod_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cod_bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.command_block_minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cooked_beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cooked_chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_cod.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cooked_cod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cooked_mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cooked_porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cooked_rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_salmon.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cooked_salmon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.crossbow.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.crossbow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cyan_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.cyan_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.debug_stick.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.debug_stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.diamond_sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.dragon_breath
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dried_kelp.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.dried_kelp
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.elytra.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.elytra
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.enchanted_book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.end_crystal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.ender_eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.ender_pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.experience_bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.filled_map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.fire_charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_rocket.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.firework_rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_star.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.firework_star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.fishing_rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.flint_and_steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.furnace_minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.ghast_tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.glass_bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.glowstone_dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.gold_ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.gold_nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_horse_armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.golden_sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gray_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.gray_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.green_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.green_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.honey_bottle.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.honey_bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.honeycomb.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.hopper_minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ink_sac.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.ink_sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_horse_armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.iron_sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.item_frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.jungle_boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.knowledge_book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lapis_lazuli.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.lapis_lazuli
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.lava_bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.leather_boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.leather_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.leather_helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_horse_armor.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.leather_horse_armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.leather_leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.light_blue_dye.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.light_blue_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.light_gray_dye.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.light_gray_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lime_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.lime_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.lingering_potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magenta_dye.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.magenta_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.magma_cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_slice.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.melon_slice
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.milk_bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.mushroom_stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_11.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_11
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_13.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_13
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_blocks.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_blocks
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_cat.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_cat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_chirp.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_chirp
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_far.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_far
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_mall.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_mall
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_stal.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_stal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_strad.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_strad
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_wait.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_wait
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.music_disc_ward.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.music_disc_ward
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mutton.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.name_tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nautilus_shell.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.nautilus_shell
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.nether_brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.nether_star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_hoe.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_scrap.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_scrap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_shovel.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherite_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.netherite_sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.oak_boat.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.oak_boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.orange_dye.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.orange_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.phantom_membrane.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.phantom_membrane
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pink_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.pink_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.poisonous_potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.prismarine_crystals
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.prismarine_shard
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pufferfish.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.pufferfish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.pumpkin_pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.purple_dye.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.purple_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.rabbit_foot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.rabbit_hide
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.rabbit_stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.red_dye.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.red_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.salmon.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.salmon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.salmon_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.salmon_bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.scute.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.scute
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shield.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.shield
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.shulker_shell
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.slime_ball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.spectral_arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.spider_eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.splash_potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.spruce_boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.stone_axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.stone_hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.stone_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.stone_shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.stone_sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.suspicious_stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.suspicious_stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.tipped_arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.tnt_minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.totem_of_undying
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.trident.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.trident
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tropical_fish.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.tropical_fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.turtle_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.turtle_helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.water_bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.white_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.white_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wooden_axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wooden_hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wooden_shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.wooden_sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.writable_book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.written_book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.yellow_dye.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.yellow_dye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mobcatcher.net.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mobcatcher.net
fe.protection.craft.mobcatcher.net_launcher.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mobcatcher.net_launcher
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barako_mask.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barako_mask
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.blowgun.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.blowgun
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.dart.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.dart
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.logo.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.logo
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.mob_remover.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.mob_remover
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.naga_fang.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.spear.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.spear
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet
fe.protection.craft.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.chemical_x.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.chemical_x
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.naturescompass.naturescompass
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.grilled_strider.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.grilled_strider
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.ground_strider.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.ground_strider
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.nether_skewer.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.nether_skewer
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.propelpearl.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.propelpearl
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.strider_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.strider_slice
fe.protection.craft.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat
fe.protection.craft.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.bathosphere.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.bathosphere
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.crab_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.crab_leg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.seapig_record.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.seapig_record
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.craft.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.azure_boat.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.azure_boat
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.floral_paste.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.floral_paste
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.spectragel.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.spectragel
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.stalker_meat.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.stalker_meat
fe.protection.craft.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.paraglider.anti_vessel.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.paraglider.anti_vessel
fe.protection.craft.paraglider.deku_leaf.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.paraglider.deku_leaf
fe.protection.craft.paraglider.essence.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.paraglider.essence
fe.protection.craft.paraglider.heart_container.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.paraglider.heart_container
fe.protection.craft.paraglider.paraglider.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.paraglider.paraglider
fe.protection.craft.paraglider.spirit_orb.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.paraglider.spirit_orb
fe.protection.craft.paraglider.stamina_vessel.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.paraglider.stamina_vessel
fe.protection.craft.patchouli.guide_book.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.patchouli.guide_book
fe.protection.craft.platforms.wrench.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.platforms.wrench
fe.protection.craft.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike
fe.protection.craft.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.clam.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat
fe.protection.craft.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat
fe.protection.craft.quark.abacus.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.abacus
fe.protection.craft.quark.ancient_tome.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.ancient_tome
fe.protection.craft.quark.backpack.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.backpack
fe.protection.craft.quark.biotite.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.biotite
fe.protection.craft.quark.black_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.black_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.black_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.black_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.black_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.black_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.blank_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.blank_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.blue_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.blue_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.blue_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.blue_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.blue_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.blue_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.bottled_cloud.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.bottled_cloud
fe.protection.craft.quark.brown_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.brown_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.brown_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.brown_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.brown_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.brown_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.cactus_paste.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.cactus_paste
fe.protection.craft.quark.clear_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.clear_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.craft.quark.cooked_frog_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.cooked_frog_leg
fe.protection.craft.quark.crab_leg.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.crab_leg
fe.protection.craft.quark.crab_shell.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.crab_shell
fe.protection.craft.quark.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.cyan_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.cyan_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.cyan_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.cyan_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.cyan_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.cyan_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.diamond_heart.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.diamond_heart
fe.protection.craft.quark.dirty_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.dirty_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.dragon_scale.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.dragon_scale
fe.protection.craft.quark.flamerang.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.flamerang
fe.protection.craft.quark.forgotten_hat.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.forgotten_hat
fe.protection.craft.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.frog_leg.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.frog_leg
fe.protection.craft.quark.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.glass_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.golden_frog_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.golden_frog_leg
fe.protection.craft.quark.gray_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.gray_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.gray_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.gray_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.gray_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.gray_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.green_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.green_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.green_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.green_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.green_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.green_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.light_blue_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.light_blue_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.light_blue_rune.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.light_blue_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.light_blue_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.light_blue_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.light_gray_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.light_gray_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.light_gray_rune.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.light_gray_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.light_gray_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.light_gray_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.lime_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.lime_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.lime_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.lime_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.lime_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.lime_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.magenta_item_frame.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.magenta_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.magenta_rune.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.magenta_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.magenta_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.magenta_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_chatter.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_chatter
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_clock.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_clock
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_crickets.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_crickets
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_drips.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_drips
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_endermosh.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_endermosh
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_fire.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_fire
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_ocean.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_ocean
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_rain.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_rain
fe.protection.craft.quark.music_disc_wind.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.music_disc_wind
fe.protection.craft.quark.orange_item_frame.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.orange_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.orange_rune.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.orange_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.orange_shard.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.orange_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.pickarang.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.pickarang
fe.protection.craft.quark.pink_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.pink_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.pink_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.pink_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.pink_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.pink_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.purple_item_frame.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.purple_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.purple_rune.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.purple_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.purple_shard.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.purple_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.rainbow_rune.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.rainbow_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.ravager_hide.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.ravager_hide
fe.protection.craft.quark.red_item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.red_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.red_rune.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.red_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.red_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.red_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.root_item.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.root_item
fe.protection.craft.quark.seed_pouch.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.seed_pouch
fe.protection.craft.quark.shiba_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.shiba_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.slime_in_a_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.slime_in_a_bucket
fe.protection.craft.quark.soul_bead.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.soul_bead
fe.protection.craft.quark.soul_compass.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.soul_compass
fe.protection.craft.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.tallow.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.tallow
fe.protection.craft.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.trowel.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.trowel
fe.protection.craft.quark.white_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.white_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.white_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.white_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.white_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.white_shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.wraith_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.wraith_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.yellow_item_frame.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.yellow_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.yellow_rune.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.yellow_rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.yellow_shard.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.quark.yellow_shard
fe.protection.craft.rats.archeologist_hat.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.archeologist_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.assorted_vegetables.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.assorted_vegetables
fe.protection.craft.rats.bee_wing.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.bee_wing
fe.protection.craft.rats.black_death_mask.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.black_death_mask
fe.protection.craft.rats.blue_cheese.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.blue_cheese
fe.protection.craft.rats.centipede.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.centipede
fe.protection.craft.rats.charged_creeper_chunk.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.charged_creeper_chunk
fe.protection.craft.rats.cheese.*                                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.cheese
fe.protection.craft.rats.cheese_banner_pattern.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.cheese_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.rats.cheese_stick.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.cheese_stick
fe.protection.craft.rats.chef_toque.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.chef_toque
fe.protection.craft.rats.confit_byaldi.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.confit_byaldi
fe.protection.craft.rats.contaminated_food.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.contaminated_food
fe.protection.craft.rats.cooked_rat.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.cooked_rat
fe.protection.craft.rats.corrupt_rat_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.corrupt_rat_skull
fe.protection.craft.rats.creative_cheese.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.creative_cheese
fe.protection.craft.rats.crimson_liquid.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.crimson_liquid
fe.protection.craft.rats.dragon_wing.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.dragon_wing
fe.protection.craft.rats.exterminator_hat.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.exterminator_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.farmer_hat.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.farmer_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.feathery_wing.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.feathery_wing
fe.protection.craft.rats.filth.*                                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.filth
fe.protection.craft.rats.filth_corruption.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.filth_corruption
fe.protection.craft.rats.fisherman_hat.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.fisherman_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.gilded_rat_flute.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.gilded_rat_flute
fe.protection.craft.rats.golden_rat_skull.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.golden_rat_skull
fe.protection.craft.rats.halo_hat.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.halo_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.herb_bundle.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.herb_bundle
fe.protection.craft.rats.little_black_squash_balls.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.little_black_squash_balls
fe.protection.craft.rats.little_black_worm.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.little_black_worm
fe.protection.craft.rats.music_disc_living_mice.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.music_disc_living_mice
fe.protection.craft.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus
fe.protection.craft.rats.nether_cheese.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.nether_cheese
fe.protection.craft.rats.party_hat_1.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.party_hat_1
fe.protection.craft.rats.party_hat_2.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.party_hat_2
fe.protection.craft.rats.party_hat_3.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.party_hat_3
fe.protection.craft.rats.party_hat_4.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.party_hat_4
fe.protection.craft.rats.patrol_stick.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.patrol_stick
fe.protection.craft.rats.piper_hat.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.piper_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.pirat_hat.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.pirat_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.plague_doctor_mask.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plague_doctor_mask
fe.protection.craft.rats.plague_doctorate.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plague_doctorate
fe.protection.craft.rats.plague_essence.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plague_essence
fe.protection.craft.rats.plague_leech.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plague_leech
fe.protection.craft.rats.plague_scythe.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plague_scythe
fe.protection.craft.rats.plague_stew.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plague_stew
fe.protection.craft.rats.plague_tome.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plague_tome
fe.protection.craft.rats.plastic_waste.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.plastic_waste
fe.protection.craft.rats.potato_kinishes.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.potato_kinishes
fe.protection.craft.rats.potato_pancake.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.potato_pancake
fe.protection.craft.rats.purifying_liquid.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.purifying_liquid
fe.protection.craft.rats.radius_stick.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.radius_stick
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_arrow.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_arrow
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_banner_pattern.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_banner_pattern
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_breeding_lantern.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_breeding_lantern
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_burger.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_burger
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_capture_net.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_capture_net
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_fez.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_fez
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_flute.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_flute
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_black.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_black
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_blue.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_blue
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_brown.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_brown
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_cyan.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_cyan
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_gray.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_gray
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_green.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_green
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_lime.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_lime
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_magenta.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_magenta
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_orange.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_orange
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_pink.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_pink
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_purple.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_purple
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_red.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_red
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_white.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_white
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_hammock_yellow.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_hammock_yellow
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_black.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_black
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_blue.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_blue
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_brown.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_brown
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_cyan.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_cyan
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_gray.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_gray
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_green.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_green
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_lime.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_lime
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_magenta.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_magenta
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_orange.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_orange
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_pink.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_pink
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_purple.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_purple
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_red.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_red
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_white.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_white
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_igloo_yellow.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_igloo_yellow
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_king_crown.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_king_crown
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_nugget.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_nugget
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_nugget_ore.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_nugget_ore
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_papers.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_papers
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_paw.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_paw
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_pelt.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_pelt
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_sack.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_sack
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_seed_bowl.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_seed_bowl
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_skull.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_skull
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_black.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_black
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_blue.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_blue
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_brown.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_brown
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_cyan.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_cyan
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_gray.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_gray
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_green.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_green
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_light_blue.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_light_blue
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_light_gray.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_light_gray
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_lime.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_lime
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_magenta.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_magenta
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_orange.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_orange
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_pink.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_pink
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_purple.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_purple
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_red.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_red
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_white.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_white
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_tube_yellow.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_tube_yellow
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_angel.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_angel
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_armor.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_armor
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_basic.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_bee.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_bee
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_bow.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_bow
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_chef.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_chef
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_combined.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_creative.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_creative
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_demon.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_demon
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_ender.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_ender
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_flight.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_flight
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_god.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_god
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_health.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_health
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_milker.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_milker
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_miner.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_placer.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_placer
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_platter.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_platter
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_poison.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_poison
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_shears.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_shears
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_speed.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_speed
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_strength.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_strength
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_undead.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_undead
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_water_bottle.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_water_bottle
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_wheel.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_wheel
fe.protection.craft.rats.rat_whistle.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.rat_whistle
fe.protection.craft.rats.ratbow_essence.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.ratbow_essence
fe.protection.craft.rats.raw_plastic.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.raw_plastic
fe.protection.craft.rats.raw_rat.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.raw_rat
fe.protection.craft.rats.santa_hat.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.santa_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_black_death.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_black_death
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_piper.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_piper
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_rat.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_rat
fe.protection.craft.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king
fe.protection.craft.rats.string_cheese.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.string_cheese
fe.protection.craft.rats.tangled_rat_tails.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.tangled_rat_tails
fe.protection.craft.rats.tiny_coin.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.tiny_coin
fe.protection.craft.rats.token_fragment.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.token_fragment
fe.protection.craft.rats.token_piece.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.token_piece
fe.protection.craft.rats.top_hat.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.top_hat
fe.protection.craft.rats.treacle.*                                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.rats.treacle
fe.protection.craft.rechiseled.chisel.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT rechiseled.item.chisel
fe.protection.craft.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.creeper_spores.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.creeper_spores
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.griefer_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.griefer_boots
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.griefer_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.griefer_helmet
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.griefer_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.griefer_leggings
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.mischief_arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.mischief_arrow
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing
fe.protection.craft.scuba_gear.scuba_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.scuba_gear.scuba_boots
fe.protection.craft.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet
fe.protection.craft.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings
fe.protection.craft.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste
fe.protection.craft.secretroomsmod.switch_probe.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.secretroomsmod.switch_probe
fe.protection.craft.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles
fe.protection.craft.sereneseasons.calendar.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.sereneseasons.calendar
fe.protection.craft.sereneseasons.ss_icon.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.sereneseasons.ss_icon
fe.protection.craft.smallships.acacia_brigg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.acacia_brigg
fe.protection.craft.smallships.acacia_cog.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.acacia_cog
fe.protection.craft.smallships.birch_brigg.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.birch_brigg
fe.protection.craft.smallships.birch_cog.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.birch_cog
fe.protection.craft.smallships.cannon_item.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.cannon_item
fe.protection.craft.smallships.cannonball_item.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.cannonball_item
fe.protection.craft.smallships.dark_oak_brigg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.dark_oak_brigg
fe.protection.craft.smallships.dark_oak_cog.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.dark_oak_cog
fe.protection.craft.smallships.jungle_brigg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.jungle_brigg
fe.protection.craft.smallships.jungle_cog.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.jungle_cog
fe.protection.craft.smallships.oak_brigg.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.oak_brigg
fe.protection.craft.smallships.oak_cog.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.oak_cog
fe.protection.craft.smallships.sail_item.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.sail_item
fe.protection.craft.smallships.spruce_brigg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.spruce_brigg
fe.protection.craft.smallships.spruce_cog.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.smallships.spruce_cog
fe.protection.craft.solcarrot.food_book.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.solcarrot.food_book
fe.protection.craft.statues.cup.*                                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.cup
fe.protection.craft.statues.marshmallow.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.marshmallow
fe.protection.craft.statues.marshmallow_charred.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.marshmallow_charred
fe.protection.craft.statues.marshmallow_cooked.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.marshmallow_cooked
fe.protection.craft.statues.marshmallow_golden.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.marshmallow_golden
fe.protection.craft.statues.mooshroom_soup.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.mooshroom_soup
fe.protection.craft.statues.player_compass.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.player_compass
fe.protection.craft.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.statues.royal_nugget.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.royal_nugget
fe.protection.craft.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.statues.statue_core.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.statue_core
fe.protection.craft.statues.tea.*                                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.statues.tea
fe.protection.craft.steelsdelight.steel_knife.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.steelsdelight.steel_knife
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.drawer_key.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.drawer_key
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.quantify_key
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.shroud_key.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.shroud_key
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgrade_template.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.upgrade_template
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.void_upgrade.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.void_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.structurize.caliper.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.structurize.caliper
fe.protection.craft.structurize.sceptergold.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.structurize.sceptergold
fe.protection.craft.structurize.sceptersteel.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.structurize.sceptersteel
fe.protection.craft.structurize.sceptertag.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.structurize.sceptertag
fe.protection.craft.structurize.shapetool.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.structurize.shapetool
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.amethyst_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.amethyst_shard
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.bomb.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.bomb
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.bomb_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.bomb_blue
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.bomb_projectile.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.bomb_projectile
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.candy.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.candy
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.flax.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.flax
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.flint_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.flint_shard
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.flute.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.flute
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.key.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.key
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.pancake_disc.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.pancake_disc
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.rope_arrow.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.rope_arrow
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_aged.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_aged
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_azure.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_azure
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_birch.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_birch
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_blood.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_blood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_charred.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cika.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cika
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_dead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_dream.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_dream
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_elder.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_elder
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_embur.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_embur
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_ether.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_ether
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_fir.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_holly.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_lament.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_lament
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_maple.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_morado.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_morado
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_oak.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_oak
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_olive.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_olive
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_oran.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_oran
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_palm.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_pine.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_poise.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_poise
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_polished.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_polished
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_river.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_river
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_tea.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_tea
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_warped.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_warped
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_white.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_white
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_willow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.slingshot.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.slingshot
fe.protection.craft.supplementaries.wrench.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.supplementaries.wrench
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bacon.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.bacon
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blank_cast.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blank_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blazing_bone.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blazing_bone
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blood_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blood_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bloodbone.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.bloodbone
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_axe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_blade.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.clear_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.clear_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.cleaver
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.coin_cast.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.coin_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.copper_can.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.copper_can
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.copper_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.copper_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.creative_slot.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.creative_slot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.dagger.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.dagger
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.debris_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.debris_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.dragon_scale.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.dragon_scale
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.efln_ball.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.efln_ball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.encyclopedia.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.encyclopedia
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.excavator.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.excavator
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.flint_shuriken.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.flint_shuriken
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gear_cast.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gear_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gem_cast.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gem_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.glow_ball.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.glow_ball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gold_item_frame.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gold_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.hammer_head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hand_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.hand_axe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ingot_cast.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ingot_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.jeweled_apple.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.jeweled_apple
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.kama.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.kama
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.large_plate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_plate_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.large_plate_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.magma_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.magma_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.materials_and_you.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.materials_and_you
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.mattock.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.mattock
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.mighty_smelting.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.mighty_smelting
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.necronium_bone.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.necronium_bone
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.necrotic_bone.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.necrotic_bone
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.netherite_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.netherite_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.nugget_cast.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.nugget_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pattern.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pattern
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe_head.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.piggy_backpack.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.piggy_backpack
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.plate_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.plate_boots
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.plate_cast.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.plate_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.plate_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.plate_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.plate_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.plate_helmet
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.plate_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.plate_leggings
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.puny_smelting.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.puny_smelting
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.repair_kit.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.repair_kit
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rod_cast.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.rod_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scorched_brick.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.scorched_brick
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scythe.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.scythe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.seared_brick.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.seared_brick
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.silky_cloth.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.silky_cloth
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.silky_jewel.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.silky_jewel
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sledge_hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sledge_hammer
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.slime_boots
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slime_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.slime_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slime_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.slime_helmet
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slime_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.slime_leggings
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_axe_head.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_axe_head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_blade.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_blade_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_blade_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sword.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.sword
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_binding.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_binding
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_handle.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_handle
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_handle.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tough_handle
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.travelers_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.travelers_boots
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.travelers_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.travelers_helmet
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.travelers_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.travelers_leggings
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.vein_hammer.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.vein_hammer
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.venom_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.venom_bucket
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.wire_cast.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.wire_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_gem.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_gem
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aberythe_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aberythe_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_gem.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_gem
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aboranys_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aboranys_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.abyss_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.abyss_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.abyss_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.abyss_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.anima_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.anima_dust
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.anima_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.anima_nugget
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.anti_fear_essence.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.anti_fear_essence
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.anti_infect_essence.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.anti_infect_essence
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.apple_of_immortality.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.apple_of_immortality
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ardor_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ardor_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.areno_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.areno_bucket
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.aurel_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.aurel_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_armor_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_axe.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_hoe.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_pickaxe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_shovel.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bone_sword_item.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bone_sword_item
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.book_icon.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.book_icon
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.broken_bone.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.broken_bone
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.caverna_crystal.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.caverna_crystal
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.caverna_powder.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.caverna_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.clock_of_time.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.clock_of_time
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.cooked_fish.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.cooked_fish
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.creeper_dust.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.creeper_dust
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.crimson_powder.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.crimson_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.crystal_hand.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.crystal_hand
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.cyanide_theme.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.cyanide_theme
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.deer_beef.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.deer_beef
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.elder_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.elder_eye
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ender_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ender_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.eye_of_abyss.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.eye_of_abyss
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.eyeicon.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.eyeicon
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.eyelie_attack.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.eyelie_attack
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fear_powder.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fear_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fish.*                                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fish
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fixed_bone.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fixed_bone
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.florite_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.florite_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.florite_gem.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.florite_gem
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.frost_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.frost_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.frost_world.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.frost_world
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusion_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusion_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.garnite_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.garnite_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.glacerythe_gem.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.glacerythe_gem
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ground_lands.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ground_lands
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.guide_book.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.guide_book
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.hollow_powder.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.hollow_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.icora_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.icora_nugget
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.icora_stone.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.icora_stone
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ignisithe_gem.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ignisithe_gem
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ignisithe_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ignisithe_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.immortal_substance.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.immortal_substance
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_axe.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_gem.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_gem
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_hoe.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_shovel.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.jungle_melon_item.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.jungle_melon_item
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.knight_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.knight_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.knight_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.knight_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.knight_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.knight_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.knight_pick_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.knight_pick_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.knight_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.knight_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.knight_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.knight_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.knight_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.knight_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.loran.*                                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.loran
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.loran_energy.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.loran_energy
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.loran_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.loran_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.lurker_juice.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.lurker_juice
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.lurker_sobber.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.lurker_sobber
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.nether_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.nether_nugget
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.nightblade_theme.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.nightblade_theme
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.node_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.node_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.nosaj_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.nosaj_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_attack.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_attack
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_essence.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_essence
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_soul_item.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_soul_item
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.phantom_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.phantom_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_curse.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_curse
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_eagle.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_eagle
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_electro.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_electro
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_fangs.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_fangs
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_fart.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_fart
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_fire.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_fire
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_firework.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_firework
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_flight.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_flight
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_freeze.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_freeze
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_home.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_home
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_jugger.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_jugger
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_nature.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_nature
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_ocean.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_ocean
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_reg.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_reg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_ring.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_ring
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_seeker.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_seeker
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_slide.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_slide
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_spectral.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_spectral
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_speed.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_speed
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_teleport.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_teleport
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_thunder.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_thunder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.ring_of_time.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.ring_of_time
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.roka_horn.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.roka_horn
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.rotten_flesh.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.scorpion_eye.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.scorpion_eye
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.shuriken.*                                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.shuriken
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.shuriken_explosive.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.shuriken_explosive
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.slime_stage_1.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.slime_stage_1
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.slime_stage_2.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.slime_stage_2
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.slime_stage_3.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.slime_stage_3
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.slime_stage_4.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.slime_stage_4
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.somnium.*                                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.somnium
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.somnium_upgrade.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.somnium_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.soul_heart.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.soul_heart
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.spectral_spawn.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.spectral_spawn
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.storyicon.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.storyicon
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.tenebris_powder.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.tenebris_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.test_tube.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.test_tube
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.test_tube_head.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.test_tube_head
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.the_abyss.*                                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.the_abyss
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.thunder_dust.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.thunder_dust
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.thunder_nugget.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.thunder_nugget
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.thunder_stone.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.thunder_stone
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.totem_of_abyss.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.totem_of_abyss
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.totem_of_thunder.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.totem_of_thunder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.totem_of_time.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.totem_of_time
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_hoe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_ingot
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_shovel
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.unorithe_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.unorithe_sword
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.vit_powder.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.vit_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.vitae_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.vitae_dust
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.vitae_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.vitae_nugget
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.vitae_stone.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.vitae_stone
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.warped_powder.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.warped_powder
fe.protection.craft.theabyss.wart_shroom.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.theabyss.wart_shroom
fe.protection.craft.titles.title_fragment.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.titles.title_fragment
fe.protection.craft.titles.title_scroll_common.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.titles.title_scroll_common
fe.protection.craft.titles.title_scroll_rare.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.titles.title_scroll_rare
fe.protection.craft.titles.title_scroll_uncommon.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.titles.title_scroll_uncommon
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.book.*                                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.book
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.copper_ingot
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.copper_nugget
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.upgrade_blank.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.upgrade_blank
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance
fe.protection.craft.tmechworks.upgrade_speed.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.tmechworks.upgrade_speed
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.hose.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.hose
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.perch.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.perch
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.pike.*                                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.pike
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth
fe.protection.craft.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying
fe.protection.craft.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.craft.watercan.watercan_diamond.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.watercan.watercan_diamond
fe.protection.craft.watercan.watercan_gold.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.watercan.watercan_gold
fe.protection.craft.watercan.watercan_iron.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.watercan.watercan_iron
fe.protection.craft.watercan.watercan_stone.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.watercan.watercan_stone
fe.protection.craft.watercan.watercan_wood.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.watercan.watercan_wood
fe.protection.craft.watersource.coconut_chicken.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.coconut_chicken
fe.protection.craft.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle
fe.protection.craft.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket
fe.protection.craft.watersource.coconut_piece.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.coconut_piece
fe.protection.craft.watersource.half_coconut.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.half_coconut
fe.protection.craft.watersource.leather_water_bag.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.leather_water_bag
fe.protection.craft.watersource.purified_water_bottle.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.purified_water_bottle
fe.protection.craft.watersource.purified_water_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.purified_water_bucket
fe.protection.craft.watersource.soul_water_bottle.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.soul_water_bottle
fe.protection.craft.watersource.soul_water_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.soul_water_bucket
fe.protection.craft.watersource.wooden_cup.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.wooden_cup
fe.protection.craft.watersource.wooden_cup_drink.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.watersource.wooden_cup_drink
fe.protection.craft.waterworks.firework_anti_rain.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.waterworks.firework_anti_rain
fe.protection.craft.waterworks.firework_rain.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.waterworks.firework_rain
fe.protection.craft.waterworks.material_controller.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.waterworks.material_controller
fe.protection.craft.waterworks.material_energy_adapter.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.waterworks.material_energy_adapter
fe.protection.craft.waterworks.pipe_wrench.*                                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.waterworks.pipe_wrench
fe.protection.craft.waterworks.waterworks_debugger.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.waterworks.waterworks_debugger
fe.protection.craft.weeping_angels.chisel.*                                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.weeping_angels.chisel
fe.protection.craft.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator
fe.protection.craft.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot
fe.protection.craft.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally
fe.protection.craft.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails
fe.protection.craft.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector
fe.protection.craft.weeping_angels.weeping_angel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.weeping_angels.weeping_angel
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                                           # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.dune_platter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.dune_platter
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.escargot.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.escargot
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.perch_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.perch_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.pike_slice.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.pike_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.seared_venison.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.seared_venison
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.silver_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.silver_knife
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.slabdish.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.slabdish
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots
fe.protection.exist.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice
fe.protection.exist.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge
fe.protection.exist.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack
fe.protection.exist.adpother.aerometer.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.aerometer
fe.protection.exist.adpother.diamond_respirator.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.diamond_respirator
fe.protection.exist.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.exist.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.exist.adpother.gold_respirator.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.gold_respirator
fe.protection.exist.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.exist.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.exist.adpother.iron_respirator.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.iron_respirator
fe.protection.exist.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.exist.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.exist.adpother.polluted_water_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.adpother.polluted_water_bucket
fe.protection.exist.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers
fe.protection.exist.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.exist.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle
fe.protection.exist.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes
fe.protection.exist.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.ambergris.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.ambergris
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.ancient_dart.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.ancient_dart
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.banana.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.banana
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.bear_fur.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.bear_fur
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.blobfish.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.blobfish
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.blood_sac.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.blood_sac
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.centipede_leg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.centipede_leg
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.echolocator.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.echolocator
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.emu_egg.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.emu_egg
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.emu_feather.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.emu_feather
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.emu_leggings.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.emu_leggings
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.endolocator.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.endolocator
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.falconry_glove.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.falconry_hood.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.falconry_hood
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.fedora.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.fedora
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.fish_oil.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.fish_oil
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.frontier_cap.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.frontier_cap
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.gongylidia.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.gongylidia
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.guster_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.guster_eye
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.halo.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.halo
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.komodo_spit.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.lava_bottle.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.lava_bottle
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.lobster_tail.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.lobster_tail
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.maggot.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.maggot
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.maraca.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.maraca
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.mimicream.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.mimicream
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.moose_antler.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.moose_antler
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.moose_headgear.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.moose_headgear
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.moose_ribs.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.moose_ribs
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.pocket_sand.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.pocket_sand
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.poison_bottle.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.poison_bottle
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.shark_tooth.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.sombrero.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.sombrero
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.soul_heart.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.soul_heart
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spiked_scute.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spiked_scute
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.straddleboard.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.straddleboard
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.straddlite.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.straddlite
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.tab_icon.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.tab_icon
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.warped_mixture.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.warped_mixture
fe.protection.exist.alexsmobs.warped_muscle.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alexsmobs.warped_muscle
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.aluminum_clump.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.aluminum_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.aluminum_crystal.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.aluminum_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.aluminum_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.aluminum_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.aluminum_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.aluminum_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.aluminum_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.aluminum_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.copper_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.copper_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.copper_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.copper_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.copper_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.copper_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.copper_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.copper_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.copper_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.copper_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.gold_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.gold_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.iron_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.iron_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.lead_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.lead_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.lead_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.lead_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.lead_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.lead_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.lead_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.lead_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.lead_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.lead_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.lead_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.lead_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.nickel_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.nickel_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.nickel_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.nickel_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.nickel_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.nickel_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.nickel_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.nickel_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.nickel_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.nickel_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.nickel_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.nickel_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.osmium_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.osmium_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.osmium_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.osmium_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.osmium_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.osmium_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.osmium_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.osmium_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.osmium_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.osmium_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.osmium_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.osmium_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.platinum_clump.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.platinum_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.platinum_crystal.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.platinum_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.platinum_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.platinum_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.platinum_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.platinum_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.platinum_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.platinum_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.platinum_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.platinum_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.silver_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.silver_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.silver_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.silver_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.silver_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.silver_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.silver_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.silver_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.silver_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.silver_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.silver_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.silver_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.tin_clump.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.tin_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.tin_crystal.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.tin_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.tin_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.tin_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.tin_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.tin_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.tin_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.tin_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.tin_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.tin_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.uranium_clump.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.uranium_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.uranium_crystal.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.uranium_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.uranium_dust.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.uranium_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.uranium_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.uranium_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.uranium_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.uranium_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.uranium_shard.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.uranium_shard
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.zinc_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.zinc_clump
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.zinc_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.zinc_crystal
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.zinc_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.zinc_dust
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.zinc_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.zinc_ingot
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.zinc_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.zinc_nugget
fe.protection.exist.alltheores.zinc_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.alltheores.zinc_shard
fe.protection.exist.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas
fe.protection.exist.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.algae.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.algae
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.arapaima.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.arapaima
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.arrau_turtle.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.atlantic_cod.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.atlantic_herring.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.bayad.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.bayad
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.bayad_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.bayad_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.blackfish.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.blackfish
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.bluegill.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.bluegill
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.bobber.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.bobber
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.boulti.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.boulti
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.boulti_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.boulti_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.box.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.box
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.box_turtle.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.box_turtle
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.brown_shrooma.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.brown_trout.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.brown_trout
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.capitaine.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.capitaine
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.carp.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.carp
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.carp_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.carp_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.catfish.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.catfish
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.catfish_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.catfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.diamond_hook.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.diamond_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.double_hook.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.double_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.driftwood.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.driftwood
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.fish_bones.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.fish_bones
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.fishing_line.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.fishing_line
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.frog.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.frog
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.gar.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.gar
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.gar_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.gar_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.gold_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.gold_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.goldfish.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.goldfish
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.heavy_hook.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.heavy_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.iron_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.iron_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.jellyfish.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.jellyfish
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.leech.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.leech
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.light_hook.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.light_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.lockbox.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.lockbox
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.minnow.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.minnow
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.minnow_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.minnow_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.muskellunge.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.muskellunge
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_axe
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_boots
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_bow.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_bow
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.neptunium_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.neptunium_sword
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.nether_star_hook.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.nether_star_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.note_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.note_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.pacific_halibut.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.perch.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.perch
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.perch_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.perch_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.pink_salmon.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.pink_salmon
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.piranha.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.piranha
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.piranha_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.pollock.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.pollock
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.pollock_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.pollock_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.rainbow_trout.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.red_grouper.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.red_grouper
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.red_shrooma.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.red_shrooma
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.redstone_hook.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.redstone_hook
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.starshell_turtle.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.sushi.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.sushi
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.synodontis.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.synodontis
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.tambaqui.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.tambaqui
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.tin_can.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.tin_can
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.treasure_chest.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.treasure_chest
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.tuna.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.tuna
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.tuna_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.tuna_bucket
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.turtle_soup.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.turtle_soup
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife
fe.protection.exist.aquaculture.worm.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.aquaculture.worm
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.auto_chestplate_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.auto_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.auto_leggings_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.auto_leggings_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.cool_boots_liner.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.cool_boots_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.cool_chestplate_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.cool_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.cool_helmet_liner.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.cool_helmet_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.cool_leggings_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.cool_leggings_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.cool_liner_material.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.cool_liner_material
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.cooling_goo.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.cooling_goo
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.flipflop_goo.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.flipflop_goo
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.flipflop_liner_material.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.flipflop_liner_material
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.goopak_cool.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.goopak_cool
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.goopak_heat.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.goopak_heat
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.goopak_spent.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.goopak_spent
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.heating_goo.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.heating_goo
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.liner_snips.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.liner_snips
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.mod_icon.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.mod_icon
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.special_liner_snips.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.special_liner_snips
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.warm_boots_liner.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.warm_boots_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.warm_chestplate_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.warm_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.warm_helmet_liner.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.warm_helmet_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.warm_leggings_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.warm_leggings_liner
fe.protection.exist.armorunder.warm_liner_material.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.auw.warm_liner_material
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.antidote_vessel.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.antidote_vessel
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.aqua_dashers.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.aqua_dashers
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.bunny_hoppers.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.bunny_hoppers
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.charm_of_sinking.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.charm_of_sinking
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.cross_necklace.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.cross_necklace
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.crystal_heart.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.crystal_heart
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.digging_claws.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.digging_claws
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.eternal_steak.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.eternal_steak
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.everlasting_beef.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.everlasting_beef
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.feral_claws.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.feral_claws
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.fire_gauntlet.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.fire_gauntlet
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.flame_pendant.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.flame_pendant
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.flippers.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.flippers
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.golden_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.golden_hook
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.helium_flamingo.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.helium_flamingo
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.kitty_slippers.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.kitty_slippers
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.lucky_scarf.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.lucky_scarf
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.night_vision_goggles.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.night_vision_goggles
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.obsidian_skull.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.obsidian_skull
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.panic_necklace.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.panic_necklace
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.pocket_piston.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.pocket_piston
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.power_glove.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.power_glove
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.running_shoes.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.running_shoes
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.shock_pendant.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.shock_pendant
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.snorkel.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.snorkel
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.steadfast_spikes.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.steadfast_spikes
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.superstitious_hat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.superstitious_hat
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.thorn_pendant.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.thorn_pendant
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.umbrella.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.umbrella
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.universal_attractor.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.universal_attractor
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.vampiric_glove.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.vampiric_glove
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.villager_hat.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.villager_hat
fe.protection.exist.artifacts.whoopee_cushion.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.artifacts.whoopee_cushion
fe.protection.exist.astikorcarts.animal_cart.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.astikorcarts.animal_cart
fe.protection.exist.astikorcarts.plow.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.astikorcarts.plow
fe.protection.exist.astikorcarts.supply_cart.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.astikorcarts.supply_cart
fe.protection.exist.astikorcarts.wheel.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.astikorcarts.wheel
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.antler.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.antler
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.blubber.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.blubber
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy
fe.protection.exist.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_boots
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.amber_gem.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.amber_gem
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.amber_root_raw.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.amber_root_raw
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.blossom_berry.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.blossom_berry
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.crystal_shards.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.crystal_shards
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.crystalite_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.crystalite_boots
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.diamond_hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.diamond_hammer
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.enchanted_petal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.enchanted_petal
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.end_fish_raw.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.end_fish_raw
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.ender_dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.ender_dust
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.ender_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.ender_shard
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.eternal_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.eternal_crystal
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.gelatine.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.gelatine
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.glowing_bulb.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.glowing_bulb
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.golden_hammer.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.golden_hammer
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.guidebook.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.guidebook
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.hydralux_petal.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.hydralux_petal
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.iron_hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.iron_hammer
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.leather_stripe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.leather_stripe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.netherite_hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.netherite_hammer
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.raw_amber.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.raw_amber
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.silk_fiber.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.silk_fiber
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_axe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_boots
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_hammer
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_helmet
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_ingot
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_leggings
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_nugget
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_sword
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_boots
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle
fe.protection.exist.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice
fe.protection.exist.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.bop_icon.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.bop_icon
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.dead_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.dead_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.fir_boat.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.fir_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.magic_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.magic_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mud_ball.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.mud_ball
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.mud_brick
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.palm_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.palm_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.willow_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.biomesoplenty.willow_boat
fe.protection.exist.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item
fe.protection.exist.blockcarpentry.chisel.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.blockcarpentry.chisel
fe.protection.exist.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball
fe.protection.exist.blockcarpentry.hammer.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.blockcarpentry.hammer
fe.protection.exist.blockcarpentry.paintbrush.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.blockcarpentry.paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.ai.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.ai
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc
fe.protection.exist.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_base.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_base
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_epic.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_epic
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_excellent.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_excellent
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_good.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_good
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_great.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_great
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_legendary.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_legendary
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_poor.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_poor
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_verygood.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_verygood
fe.protection.exist.carrots.barter_token_verypoor.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.barter_token_verypoor
fe.protection.exist.carrots.cowmilk_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.cowmilk_bucket
fe.protection.exist.carrots.experience_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.experience_bucket
fe.protection.exist.carrots.honey_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.honey_bucket
fe.protection.exist.carrots.oatmilk_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.oatmilk_bucket
fe.protection.exist.carrots.potable_water_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.potable_water_bucket
fe.protection.exist.carrots.seedoil_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.seedoil_bucket
fe.protection.exist.carrots.squidink_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.carrots.squidink_bucket
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.block_bit
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.quill.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.quill
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.sealant.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.sealant
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.unseal.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.unseal
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.wrench.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.chiselsandbits.wrench
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocobo_feather.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocobo_feather
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocobo_saddle.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocobo_whistle.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocobo_whistle
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.chocopedia.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.chocopedia
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.gold_gysahl.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.gold_gysahl
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.gysahl_cake.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.gysahl_cake
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.gysahl_green.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.gysahl_green
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.pink_gysahl.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.pink_gysahl
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.red_gysahl.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.red_gysahl
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.citadel.citadel_book.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.citadel.citadel_book
fe.protection.exist.citadel.debug.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.citadel.debug
fe.protection.exist.citadel.effect_item.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.citadel.effect_item
fe.protection.exist.citadel.fancy_item.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.citadel.fancy_item
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.filled_waterskin.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Waterskin
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.fur.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.fur
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.fur_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.fur_boots
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.fur_cap.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.fur_cap
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.fur_pants.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.fur_pants
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.fur_parka.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.fur_parka
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.thermometer.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.thermometer
fe.protection.exist.cold_sweat.waterskin.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.cold_sweat.waterskin
fe.protection.exist.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat
fe.protection.exist.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball
fe.protection.exist.constructionwand.core_angel.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.constructionwand.core_angel
fe.protection.exist.constructionwand.core_destruction.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.constructionwand.core_destruction
fe.protection.exist.constructionwand.diamond_wand.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.constructionwand.diamond_wand
fe.protection.exist.constructionwand.infinity_wand.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.constructionwand.infinity_wand
fe.protection.exist.constructionwand.iron_wand.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.constructionwand.iron_wand
fe.protection.exist.constructionwand.stone_wand.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.constructionwand.stone_wand
fe.protection.exist.coupons.brewing_coupon.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.coupons.brewing_coupon
fe.protection.exist.coupons.crafting_coupon.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.coupons.crafting_coupon
fe.protection.exist.coupons.experience_coupon.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.coupons.experience_coupon
fe.protection.exist.coupons.furnace_coupon.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.coupons.furnace_coupon
fe.protection.exist.coupons.loot_coupon.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.coupons.loot_coupon
fe.protection.exist.coupons.trading_coupon.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.coupons.trading_coupon
fe.protection.exist.curios.amulet.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.curios.amulet
fe.protection.exist.curios.crown.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.curios.crown
fe.protection.exist.curios.knuckles.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.curios.knuckles
fe.protection.exist.curios.ring.*                                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.curios.ring
fe.protection.exist.daily_rewards.taken_reward.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.daily_rewards.taken_reward
fe.protection.exist.direbats.direbat_fang.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.direbats.direbat_fang
fe.protection.exist.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow
fe.protection.exist.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.crow_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.crow_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.golden_bone.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.golden_bone
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.guard_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.guard_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.home_gem.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.home_gem
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.king_crown.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.king_crown
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.king_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.king_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.leech_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.leech_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.ore_detector.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.ore_detector
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.pice_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.pice_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.potion_straw.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.potion_straw
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.sun_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.sun_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.translatable_book.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.translatable_book
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.unstable_map.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.unstable_map
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.void_tome.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.void_tome
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg
fe.protection.exist.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.horn.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.horn
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg
fe.protection.exist.eccentrictome.tome.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.eccentrictome.tome
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.bolloom_balloon.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.bolloom_fruit.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.bolloom_fruit
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.booflo_hide.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.booflo_hide
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.booflo_vest.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.booflo_vest
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.eumus_brick.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.eumus_brick
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.poise_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.poise_boat
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.puffbug_bottle.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.puffbug_bottle
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.exist.endrem.black_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.black_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.cold_eye.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.cold_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.corrupted_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.corrupted_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_axe.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_axe
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_boots
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_eye.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_fragment.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_fragment
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_helmet.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_helmet
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_hoe.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_hoe
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_ingot
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_leggings.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_leggings
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_shovel.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_shovel
fe.protection.exist.endrem.end_crystal_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.end_crystal_sword
fe.protection.exist.endrem.guardian_eye.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.guardian_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.lost_eye.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.lost_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.magical_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.magical_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.nether_eye.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.nether_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.old_eye.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.old_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.rogue_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.rogue_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.witch_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.witch_eye
fe.protection.exist.endrem.witch_pupil.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.witch_pupil
fe.protection.exist.endrem.wither_eye.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.endrem.wither_eye
fe.protection.exist.engineersdecor.metal_bar.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.engineersdecor.metal_bar
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.birch_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.birch_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.dead_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.dead_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.fir_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.fir_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_acacia_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_acacia_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_aspen_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_aspen_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_birch_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_birch_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_cherry_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_cherry_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_crimson_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_crimson_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_dead_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_dead_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_fir_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_fir_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_jungle_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_jungle_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_kousa_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_kousa_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_magic_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_magic_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_maple_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_maple_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_morado_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_morado_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_oak_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_oak_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_palm_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_palm_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_poise_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_poise_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_redwood_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_redwood_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_river_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_river_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_sakura_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_sakura_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_spruce_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_spruce_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_umbran_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_umbran_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_warped_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_warped_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_willow_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_willow_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.large_yucca_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.large_yucca_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.magic_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.magic_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.maple_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.maple_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.morado_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.morado_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.oak_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.palm_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.palm_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.poise_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.poise_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.river_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.river_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.river_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.river_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.warped_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.warped_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.willow_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat
fe.protection.exist.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat
fe.protection.exist.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.apple_cider.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.apple_cider
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.bacon.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.bacon
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.beef_patty.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.beef_patty
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.beef_stew.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.beef_stew
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cabbage.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cabbage
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cake_slice.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.canvas.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.canvas
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.chicken_soup.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.chicken_soup
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cod_slice.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cod_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cooked_rice.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cooked_rice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.diamond_knife.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.diamond_knife
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.dog_food.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.dog_food
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.dumplings.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.dumplings
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.fish_stew.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.fish_stew
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.flint_knife.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.flint_knife
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.fried_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.fried_egg
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.fried_rice.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.fried_rice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.fruit_salad.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.fruit_salad
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.golden_knife.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.golden_knife
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.ham.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.ham
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.hamburger.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.hamburger
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.honey_cookie.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.honey_cookie
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.horse_feed.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.horse_feed
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.iron_knife.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.iron_knife
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.melon_juice.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.melon_juice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.milk_bottle.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.milk_bottle
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.minced_beef.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.minced_beef
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.mixed_salad.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.mixed_salad
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.mutton_chops.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.mutton_chops
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.nether_salad.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.nether_salad
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.netherite_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.netherite_knife
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.noodle_soup.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.noodle_soup
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.pie_crust.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.pie_crust
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.ratatouille.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.ratatouille
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.raw_pasta.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.raw_pasta
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.rice_panicle.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.rice_panicle
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.roast_chicken.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.roast_chicken
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.salmon_slice.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.salmon_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.smoked_ham.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.smoked_ham
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.straw.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.straw
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.tomato.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.tomato
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.tree_bark.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.tree_bark
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup
fe.protection.exist.farmersdelight.wheat_dough.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersdelight.wheat_dough
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.black_cod.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.black_cod
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.black_tea.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.black_tea
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.blazing_chili.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.blazing_chili
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.coffee.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.coffee
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.coffee_berries.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.coffee_berries
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.green_tea.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.green_tea
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.purulent_tea.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.purulent_tea
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.rose_hips.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.rose_hips
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.tea_curry.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.tea_curry
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.yellow_tea.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea
fe.protection.exist.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves
fe.protection.exist.ftblibrary.fluid_container.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ftblibrary.fluid_container
fe.protection.exist.ftbquests.book.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ftbquests.book
fe.protection.exist.ftbquests.custom_icon.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.ftbquests.custom_icon
fe.protection.exist.ftbquests.lootcrate.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.ftbquests.lootcrate
fe.protection.exist.ftbquests.missing_item.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ftbquests.missing_item
fe.protection.exist.gates.frequency_changer.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.gates.frequency_changer
fe.protection.exist.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter
fe.protection.exist.gates.redstone_torch_pearl.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.gates.redstone_torch_pearl
fe.protection.exist.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.lolipop.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.lolipop
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.necrum.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.necrum
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel
fe.protection.exist.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword
fe.protection.exist.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.hardcore_torches.animal_fat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.hardcore_torches.animal_fat
fe.protection.exist.hardcore_torches.oil_can.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.hardcore_torches.oil_can
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.ambrosia.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.ambrosia
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.amphithere_feather.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.amphithere_feather
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.amphithere_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.amphithere_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.amythest_gem.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.amythest_gem
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_amythest_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_amythest_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_amythest_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_amythest_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_black_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_black_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_black_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_black_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_blue_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_blue_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_blue_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_blue_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_bronze_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_bronze_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_bronze_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_bronze_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_electric_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_electric_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_electric_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_electric_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_gray_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_gray_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_gray_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_gray_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_green_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_green_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_green_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_green_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_red_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_red_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_red_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_red_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_white_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_white_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_white_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.armor_white_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.bestiary.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.bestiary
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.blindfold.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.blindfold
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.cannoli.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.cannoli
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.chain.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.chain
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.chain_sticky.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.chain_sticky
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.copper_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.copper_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.copper_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.copper_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.copper_ingot
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.copper_nugget
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.copper_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.copper_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.copper_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.copper_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.cyclops_eye.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.cyclops_eye
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.cyclops_skull.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.cyclops_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_flute.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_flute
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_horn.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_horn
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_meal.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_meal
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragon_stick.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragon_stick
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_body.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_head.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_neck.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_tail.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_body.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_head.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_neck.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_tail.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_body.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_head.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_neck.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_tail.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_body.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_head.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_neck.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_tail.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_body.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_head.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_neck.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_tail.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_body.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_head.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_neck.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_tail.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_body.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_head.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_neck.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_tail.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_body.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_head.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_neck.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_tail.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_amythest.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_black.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_bronze.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_copper.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_electric.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_gray.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_green.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_red.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_sapphire.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_silver.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonegg_white.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_amythest.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_black.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_blue.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_bronze.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_copper.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_electric.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_gray.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_green.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_red.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_sapphire.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_silver.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonscales_white.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dread_key.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dread_key
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dread_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dread_shard
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.dread_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.dread_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.earplugs.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.earplugs
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.ectoplasm.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.ectoplasm
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.fire_stew.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.fire_stew
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.fishing_spear.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.fishing_spear
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.frost_stew.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.frost_stew
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.ghost_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.ghost_ingot
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.ghost_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.ghost_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.gorgon_head.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.gorgon_head
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hydra_arrow.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hydra_arrow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hydra_fang.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hydra_fang
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hydra_heart.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hydra_heart
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.hydra_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.hydra_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.lich_staff.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.lich_staff
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.lightning_stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.lightning_stew
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.manuscript.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.manuscript
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.pixie_dust.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.pixie_dust
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.pixie_wand.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.pixie_wand
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.pixie_wings.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.pixie_wings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.rotten_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.rotten_egg
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sapphire_gem.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sapphire_gem
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sheep_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sheep_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sheep_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sheep_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sheep_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sheep_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.shiny_scales.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.shiny_scales
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.silver_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.silver_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.silver_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.silver_hoe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.silver_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.silver_ingot
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.silver_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.silver_nugget
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.silver_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.silver_shovel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.silver_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.silver_sword
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.siren_flute.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.siren_flute
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.siren_tear.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.siren_tear
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.stone_statue.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.stone_statue
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_blue_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_blue_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_blue_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_blue_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_bronze_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_bronze_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_bronze_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_bronze_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_green_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_green_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_green_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_green_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_purple_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_purple_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_purple_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_purple_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_red_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_red_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_red_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_red_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_teal_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_teal_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_teal_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_teal_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_trident.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.tide_trident
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_skull
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_tusk.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_tusk
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.wither_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.wither_shard
fe.protection.exist.iceandfire.witherbone.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.iceandfire.witherbone
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.curry_base.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.curry_base
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.diced_onion.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.diced_onion
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.monster_tuft.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.monster_tuft
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.potato_cubes.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.potato_cubes
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.potato_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.potato_slice
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.pyttipanna.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.pyttipanna
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank
fe.protection.exist.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.axe_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.axe_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.blueprint.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.blueprint
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.buckshot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.buckshot
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.casull.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.casull
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.chemthrower.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.chemthrower
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.circuit_board.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.circuit_board
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.coal_coke.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.coal_coke
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.component_iron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.component_iron
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.component_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.component_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.coresample.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.coresample
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.drill.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.drill
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_coke.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_coke
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_copper.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_copper
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_gold.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_gold
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_iron.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_iron
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_lead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_lead
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_silver.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_silver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_steel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.dust_wood.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.dust_wood
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.earmuffs.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.earmuffs
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.electron_tube.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.electron_tube
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.empty_casing.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.empty_casing
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.empty_shell.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.empty_shell
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.firework.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.firework
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.flare.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.flare
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.hammer
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.he.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.he
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.homing.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.homing
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.jerrycan.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.jerrycan
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.manual.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.manual
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_gear.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_gear
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_plate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_plate
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_rod.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_rod
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.mold_wire.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.mold_wire
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_copper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_copper
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_gold.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_gold
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_iron.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_iron
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_lead.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_lead
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_silver.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_silver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.potion.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.potion
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.powerpack.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.powerpack
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.railgun.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.railgun
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.revolver.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.revolver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.rockcutter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.rockcutter
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.sawblade.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.sawblade
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.screwdriver.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shader.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shader
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_common.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_epic.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_ie_masterwork.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_rare.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_uncommon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shield.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shield
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.silver.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.silver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.skyhook.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.skyhook
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.slag.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.slag
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.speedloader.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.speedloader
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.stick_iron.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.stick_iron
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.stick_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.stick_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.stick_treated.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.stick_treated
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.survey_tools.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.survey_tools
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.sword_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.sword_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolbox.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolbox
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.voltmeter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.voltmeter
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wire_copper.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wire_copper
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wire_lead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wire_lead
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wire_steel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wire_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wirecutter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wirecutter
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wolfpack.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wolfpack
fe.protection.exist.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.bitumen.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.bitumen
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.debug.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.debug
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.oil_can.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.oil_can
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.petcoke.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.projector.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.projector
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.speedboat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.speedboat
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders
fe.protection.exist.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_constantan.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_constantan
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_copper.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_copper
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_electrum.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_electrum
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_gold.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_gold
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_lead.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_lead
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_nickel.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_nickel
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_silver.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_silver
fe.protection.exist.immersiveposts.stick_uranium.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiveposts.stick_uranium
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_augment.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_augment
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_hook.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_hook
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_manual.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_manual
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_plate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_plate
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_rail.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_rail
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key
fe.protection.exist.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.always_false.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.always_false
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.always_true.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.always_true
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.and.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.and
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.block.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.block
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.custom.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.custom
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.damage.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.damage
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.id_regex.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.id_regex
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.item_group.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.item_group
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.max_count.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.max_count
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.mod.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.mod
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.not.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.not
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.or.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.or
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.strong_nbt.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.strong_nbt
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.tag.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.tag
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.weak_nbt.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.weak_nbt
fe.protection.exist.itemfilters.xor.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.itemfilters.xor
fe.protection.exist.locksmith.blank_key.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.locksmith.blank_key
fe.protection.exist.locksmith.blank_lock.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.locksmith.blank_lock
fe.protection.exist.locksmith.blank_lock_button.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.locksmith.blank_lock_button
fe.protection.exist.locksmith.key.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.locksmith.key
fe.protection.exist.locksmith.keyring.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.locksmith.keyring
fe.protection.exist.locksmith.lock.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.locksmith.lock
fe.protection.exist.locksmith.lockpick.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.locksmith.lockpick
fe.protection.exist.manure.manure.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.manure.manure
fe.protection.exist.mcwbridges.pliers.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwbridges.pliers
fe.protection.exist.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_acacia.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_acacia
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_birch.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_birch
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_jungle.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_jungle
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_mystic.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_nether.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_nether
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_oak.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_oak
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_spruce.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_spruce
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_swamp.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.exist.mcwdoors.print_waffle.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwdoors.print_waffle
fe.protection.exist.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door
fe.protection.exist.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer
fe.protection.exist.mcwroofs.rain_gutter.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwroofs.rain_gutter
fe.protection.exist.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.exist.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical
fe.protection.exist.mcwwindows.hammer.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwwindows.hammer
fe.protection.exist.mcwwindows.key.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwwindows.key
fe.protection.exist.mcwwindows.window_base.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwwindows.window_base
fe.protection.exist.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base
fe.protection.exist.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base
fe.protection.exist.measurements.tape_measure.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.measurements.tape_measure
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.acacia_boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.air.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST block.minecraft.air
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.armor_stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.baked_potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.beetroot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.beetroot_soup
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.birch_boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.black_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.black_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.blaze_powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.blaze_rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blue_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.blue_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone_meal.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bone_meal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brown_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.brown_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chainmail_boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chainmail_helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chainmail_leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.charcoal.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.charcoal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chest_minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.chorus_fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.clay_ball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cod.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cod_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cod_bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.command_block_minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cooked_beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cooked_chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_cod.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cooked_cod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cooked_mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cooked_porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cooked_rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_salmon.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cooked_salmon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.crossbow.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.crossbow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cyan_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.cyan_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.debug_stick.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.debug_stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.diamond_sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.dragon_breath
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dried_kelp.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.dried_kelp
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.elytra.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.elytra
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.enchanted_book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.end_crystal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.ender_eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.ender_pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.experience_bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.filled_map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.fire_charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_rocket.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.firework_rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_star.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.firework_star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.fishing_rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.flint_and_steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.furnace_minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.ghast_tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.glass_bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.glowstone_dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.gold_ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.gold_nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_horse_armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.golden_sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gray_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.gray_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.green_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.green_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.honey_bottle.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.honey_bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.honeycomb.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.hopper_minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ink_sac.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.ink_sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_horse_armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.iron_sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.item_frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.jungle_boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.knowledge_book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lapis_lazuli.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.lapis_lazuli
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.lava_bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.leather_boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.leather_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.leather_helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_horse_armor.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.leather_horse_armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.leather_leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.light_blue_dye.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.light_blue_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.light_gray_dye.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.light_gray_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lime_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.lime_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.lingering_potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magenta_dye.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.magenta_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.magma_cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_slice.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.melon_slice
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.milk_bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.mushroom_stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_11.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_11
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_13.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_13
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_blocks.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_blocks
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_cat.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_cat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_chirp.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_chirp
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_far.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_far
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_mall.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_mall
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_stal.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_stal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_strad.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_strad
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_wait.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_wait
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.music_disc_ward.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.music_disc_ward
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mutton.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.name_tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nautilus_shell.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.nautilus_shell
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.nether_brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.nether_star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_hoe.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_scrap.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_scrap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_shovel.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherite_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.netherite_sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.oak_boat.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.oak_boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.orange_dye.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.orange_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.phantom_membrane.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.phantom_membrane
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pink_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.pink_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.poisonous_potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.prismarine_crystals
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.prismarine_shard
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pufferfish.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.pufferfish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.pumpkin_pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.purple_dye.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.purple_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.rabbit_foot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.rabbit_hide
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.rabbit_stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.red_dye.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.red_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.salmon.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.salmon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.salmon_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.salmon_bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.scute.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.scute
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shield.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.shield
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.shulker_shell
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.slime_ball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.spectral_arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.spider_eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.splash_potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.spruce_boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.stone_axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.stone_hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.stone_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.stone_shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.stone_sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.suspicious_stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.suspicious_stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.tipped_arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.tnt_minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.totem_of_undying
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.trident.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.trident
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tropical_fish.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.tropical_fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.turtle_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.turtle_helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.water_bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.white_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.white_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wooden_axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wooden_hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wooden_shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.wooden_sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.writable_book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.written_book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.yellow_dye.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.yellow_dye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mobcatcher.net.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mobcatcher.net
fe.protection.exist.mobcatcher.net_launcher.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mobcatcher.net_launcher
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barako_mask.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barako_mask
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.blowgun.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.blowgun
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.dart.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.dart
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.logo.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.logo
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.mob_remover.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.mob_remover
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.naga_fang.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.spear.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.spear
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet
fe.protection.exist.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.chemical_x.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.chemical_x
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.naturescompass.naturescompass
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.grilled_strider.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.grilled_strider
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.ground_strider.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.ground_strider
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.nether_skewer.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.nether_skewer
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.propelpearl.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.propelpearl
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.strider_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.strider_slice
fe.protection.exist.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat
fe.protection.exist.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.bathosphere.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.bathosphere
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.crab_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.crab_leg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.seapig_record.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.seapig_record
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.exist.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.azure_boat.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.azure_boat
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.floral_paste.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.floral_paste
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.spectragel.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.spectragel
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.stalker_meat.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.stalker_meat
fe.protection.exist.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.paraglider.anti_vessel.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.paraglider.anti_vessel
fe.protection.exist.paraglider.deku_leaf.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.paraglider.deku_leaf
fe.protection.exist.paraglider.essence.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.paraglider.essence
fe.protection.exist.paraglider.heart_container.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.paraglider.heart_container
fe.protection.exist.paraglider.paraglider.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.paraglider.paraglider
fe.protection.exist.paraglider.spirit_orb.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.paraglider.spirit_orb
fe.protection.exist.paraglider.stamina_vessel.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.paraglider.stamina_vessel
fe.protection.exist.patchouli.guide_book.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.patchouli.guide_book
fe.protection.exist.platforms.wrench.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.platforms.wrench
fe.protection.exist.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike
fe.protection.exist.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.clam.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat
fe.protection.exist.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat
fe.protection.exist.quark.abacus.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.abacus
fe.protection.exist.quark.ancient_tome.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.ancient_tome
fe.protection.exist.quark.backpack.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.backpack
fe.protection.exist.quark.biotite.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.biotite
fe.protection.exist.quark.black_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.black_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.black_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.black_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.black_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.black_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.blank_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.blank_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.blue_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.blue_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.blue_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.blue_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.blue_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.blue_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.bottled_cloud.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.bottled_cloud
fe.protection.exist.quark.brown_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.brown_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.brown_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.brown_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.brown_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.brown_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.cactus_paste.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.cactus_paste
fe.protection.exist.quark.clear_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.clear_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.exist.quark.cooked_frog_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.cooked_frog_leg
fe.protection.exist.quark.crab_leg.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.crab_leg
fe.protection.exist.quark.crab_shell.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.crab_shell
fe.protection.exist.quark.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.cyan_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.cyan_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.cyan_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.cyan_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.cyan_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.cyan_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.diamond_heart.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.diamond_heart
fe.protection.exist.quark.dirty_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.dirty_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.dragon_scale.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.dragon_scale
fe.protection.exist.quark.flamerang.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.flamerang
fe.protection.exist.quark.forgotten_hat.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.forgotten_hat
fe.protection.exist.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.frog_leg.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.frog_leg
fe.protection.exist.quark.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.glass_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.golden_frog_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.golden_frog_leg
fe.protection.exist.quark.gray_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.gray_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.gray_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.gray_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.gray_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.gray_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.green_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.green_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.green_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.green_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.green_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.green_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.light_blue_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.light_blue_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.light_blue_rune.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.light_blue_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.light_blue_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.light_blue_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.light_gray_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.light_gray_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.light_gray_rune.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.light_gray_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.light_gray_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.light_gray_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.lime_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.lime_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.lime_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.lime_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.lime_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.lime_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.magenta_item_frame.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.magenta_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.magenta_rune.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.magenta_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.magenta_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.magenta_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_chatter.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_chatter
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_clock.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_clock
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_crickets.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_crickets
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_drips.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_drips
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_endermosh.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_endermosh
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_fire.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_fire
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_ocean.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_ocean
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_rain.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_rain
fe.protection.exist.quark.music_disc_wind.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.music_disc_wind
fe.protection.exist.quark.orange_item_frame.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.orange_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.orange_rune.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.orange_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.orange_shard.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.orange_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.pickarang.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.pickarang
fe.protection.exist.quark.pink_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.pink_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.pink_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.pink_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.pink_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.pink_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.purple_item_frame.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.purple_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.purple_rune.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.purple_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.purple_shard.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.purple_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.rainbow_rune.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.rainbow_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.ravager_hide.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.ravager_hide
fe.protection.exist.quark.red_item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.red_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.red_rune.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.red_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.red_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.red_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.root_item.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.root_item
fe.protection.exist.quark.seed_pouch.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.seed_pouch
fe.protection.exist.quark.shiba_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.shiba_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.slime_in_a_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.slime_in_a_bucket
fe.protection.exist.quark.soul_bead.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.soul_bead
fe.protection.exist.quark.soul_compass.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.soul_compass
fe.protection.exist.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.tallow.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.tallow
fe.protection.exist.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.trowel.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.trowel
fe.protection.exist.quark.white_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.white_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.white_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.white_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.white_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.white_shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.wraith_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.wraith_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.yellow_item_frame.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.yellow_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.yellow_rune.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.yellow_rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.yellow_shard.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.quark.yellow_shard
fe.protection.exist.rats.archeologist_hat.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.archeologist_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.assorted_vegetables.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.assorted_vegetables
fe.protection.exist.rats.bee_wing.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.bee_wing
fe.protection.exist.rats.black_death_mask.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.black_death_mask
fe.protection.exist.rats.blue_cheese.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.blue_cheese
fe.protection.exist.rats.centipede.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.centipede
fe.protection.exist.rats.charged_creeper_chunk.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.charged_creeper_chunk
fe.protection.exist.rats.cheese.*                                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.cheese
fe.protection.exist.rats.cheese_banner_pattern.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.cheese_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.rats.cheese_stick.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.cheese_stick
fe.protection.exist.rats.chef_toque.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.chef_toque
fe.protection.exist.rats.confit_byaldi.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.confit_byaldi
fe.protection.exist.rats.contaminated_food.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.contaminated_food
fe.protection.exist.rats.cooked_rat.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.cooked_rat
fe.protection.exist.rats.corrupt_rat_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.corrupt_rat_skull
fe.protection.exist.rats.creative_cheese.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.creative_cheese
fe.protection.exist.rats.crimson_liquid.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.crimson_liquid
fe.protection.exist.rats.dragon_wing.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.dragon_wing
fe.protection.exist.rats.exterminator_hat.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.exterminator_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.farmer_hat.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.farmer_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.feathery_wing.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.feathery_wing
fe.protection.exist.rats.filth.*                                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.filth
fe.protection.exist.rats.filth_corruption.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.filth_corruption
fe.protection.exist.rats.fisherman_hat.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.fisherman_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.gilded_rat_flute.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.gilded_rat_flute
fe.protection.exist.rats.golden_rat_skull.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.golden_rat_skull
fe.protection.exist.rats.halo_hat.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.halo_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.herb_bundle.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.herb_bundle
fe.protection.exist.rats.little_black_squash_balls.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.little_black_squash_balls
fe.protection.exist.rats.little_black_worm.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.little_black_worm
fe.protection.exist.rats.music_disc_living_mice.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.music_disc_living_mice
fe.protection.exist.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus
fe.protection.exist.rats.nether_cheese.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.nether_cheese
fe.protection.exist.rats.party_hat_1.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.party_hat_1
fe.protection.exist.rats.party_hat_2.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.party_hat_2
fe.protection.exist.rats.party_hat_3.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.party_hat_3
fe.protection.exist.rats.party_hat_4.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.party_hat_4
fe.protection.exist.rats.patrol_stick.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.patrol_stick
fe.protection.exist.rats.piper_hat.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.piper_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.pirat_hat.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.pirat_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.plague_doctor_mask.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plague_doctor_mask
fe.protection.exist.rats.plague_doctorate.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plague_doctorate
fe.protection.exist.rats.plague_essence.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plague_essence
fe.protection.exist.rats.plague_leech.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plague_leech
fe.protection.exist.rats.plague_scythe.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plague_scythe
fe.protection.exist.rats.plague_stew.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plague_stew
fe.protection.exist.rats.plague_tome.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plague_tome
fe.protection.exist.rats.plastic_waste.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.plastic_waste
fe.protection.exist.rats.potato_kinishes.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.potato_kinishes
fe.protection.exist.rats.potato_pancake.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.potato_pancake
fe.protection.exist.rats.purifying_liquid.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.purifying_liquid
fe.protection.exist.rats.radius_stick.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.radius_stick
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_arrow.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_arrow
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_banner_pattern.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_banner_pattern
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_breeding_lantern.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_breeding_lantern
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_burger.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_burger
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_capture_net.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_capture_net
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_fez.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_fez
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_flute.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_flute
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_black.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_black
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_blue.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_blue
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_brown.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_brown
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_cyan.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_cyan
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_gray.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_gray
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_green.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_green
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_lime.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_lime
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_magenta.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_magenta
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_orange.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_orange
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_pink.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_pink
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_purple.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_purple
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_red.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_red
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_white.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_white
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_hammock_yellow.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_hammock_yellow
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_black.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_black
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_blue.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_blue
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_brown.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_brown
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_cyan.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_cyan
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_gray.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_gray
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_green.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_green
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_lime.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_lime
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_magenta.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_magenta
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_orange.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_orange
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_pink.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_pink
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_purple.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_purple
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_red.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_red
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_white.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_white
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_igloo_yellow.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_igloo_yellow
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_king_crown.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_king_crown
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_nugget.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_nugget
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_nugget_ore.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_nugget_ore
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_papers.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_papers
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_paw.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_paw
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_pelt.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_pelt
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_sack.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_sack
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_seed_bowl.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_seed_bowl
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_skull.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_skull
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_black.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_black
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_blue.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_blue
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_brown.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_brown
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_cyan.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_cyan
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_gray.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_gray
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_green.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_green
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_light_blue.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_light_blue
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_light_gray.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_light_gray
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_lime.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_lime
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_magenta.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_magenta
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_orange.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_orange
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_pink.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_pink
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_purple.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_purple
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_red.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_red
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_white.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_white
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_tube_yellow.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_tube_yellow
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_angel.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_angel
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_armor.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_armor
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_basic.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_bee.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_bee
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_bow.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_bow
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_chef.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_chef
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_combined.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_creative.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_creative
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_demon.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_demon
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_ender.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_ender
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_flight.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_flight
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_god.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_god
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_health.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_health
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_milker.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_milker
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_miner.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_placer.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_placer
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_platter.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_platter
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_poison.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_poison
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_shears.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_shears
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_speed.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_speed
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_strength.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_strength
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_undead.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_undead
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_water_bottle.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_water_bottle
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_wheel.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_wheel
fe.protection.exist.rats.rat_whistle.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.rat_whistle
fe.protection.exist.rats.ratbow_essence.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.ratbow_essence
fe.protection.exist.rats.raw_plastic.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.raw_plastic
fe.protection.exist.rats.raw_rat.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.raw_rat
fe.protection.exist.rats.santa_hat.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.santa_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_black_death.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_black_death
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_piper.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_piper
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_rat.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_rat
fe.protection.exist.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king
fe.protection.exist.rats.string_cheese.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.string_cheese
fe.protection.exist.rats.tangled_rat_tails.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.tangled_rat_tails
fe.protection.exist.rats.tiny_coin.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.tiny_coin
fe.protection.exist.rats.token_fragment.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.token_fragment
fe.protection.exist.rats.token_piece.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.token_piece
fe.protection.exist.rats.top_hat.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.top_hat
fe.protection.exist.rats.treacle.*                                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.rats.treacle
fe.protection.exist.rechiseled.chisel.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST rechiseled.item.chisel
fe.protection.exist.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.creeper_spores.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.creeper_spores
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.griefer_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.griefer_boots
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.griefer_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.griefer_helmet
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.griefer_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.griefer_leggings
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.mischief_arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.mischief_arrow
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing
fe.protection.exist.scuba_gear.scuba_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.scuba_gear.scuba_boots
fe.protection.exist.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet
fe.protection.exist.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings
fe.protection.exist.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste
fe.protection.exist.secretroomsmod.switch_probe.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.secretroomsmod.switch_probe
fe.protection.exist.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles
fe.protection.exist.sereneseasons.calendar.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.sereneseasons.calendar
fe.protection.exist.sereneseasons.ss_icon.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.sereneseasons.ss_icon
fe.protection.exist.smallships.acacia_brigg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.acacia_brigg
fe.protection.exist.smallships.acacia_cog.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.acacia_cog
fe.protection.exist.smallships.birch_brigg.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.birch_brigg
fe.protection.exist.smallships.birch_cog.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.birch_cog
fe.protection.exist.smallships.cannon_item.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.cannon_item
fe.protection.exist.smallships.cannonball_item.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.cannonball_item
fe.protection.exist.smallships.dark_oak_brigg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.dark_oak_brigg
fe.protection.exist.smallships.dark_oak_cog.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.dark_oak_cog
fe.protection.exist.smallships.jungle_brigg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.jungle_brigg
fe.protection.exist.smallships.jungle_cog.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.jungle_cog
fe.protection.exist.smallships.oak_brigg.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.oak_brigg
fe.protection.exist.smallships.oak_cog.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.oak_cog
fe.protection.exist.smallships.sail_item.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.sail_item
fe.protection.exist.smallships.spruce_brigg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.spruce_brigg
fe.protection.exist.smallships.spruce_cog.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.smallships.spruce_cog
fe.protection.exist.solcarrot.food_book.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.solcarrot.food_book
fe.protection.exist.statues.cup.*                                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.cup
fe.protection.exist.statues.marshmallow.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.marshmallow
fe.protection.exist.statues.marshmallow_charred.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.marshmallow_charred
fe.protection.exist.statues.marshmallow_cooked.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.marshmallow_cooked
fe.protection.exist.statues.marshmallow_golden.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.marshmallow_golden
fe.protection.exist.statues.mooshroom_soup.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.mooshroom_soup
fe.protection.exist.statues.player_compass.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.player_compass
fe.protection.exist.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.statues.royal_nugget.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.royal_nugget
fe.protection.exist.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.statues.statue_core.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.statue_core
fe.protection.exist.statues.tea.*                                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.statues.tea
fe.protection.exist.steelsdelight.steel_knife.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.steelsdelight.steel_knife
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.drawer_key.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.drawer_key
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.quantify_key
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.shroud_key.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.shroud_key
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgrade_template.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.upgrade_template
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.void_upgrade.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.void_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.structurize.caliper.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.structurize.caliper
fe.protection.exist.structurize.sceptergold.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.structurize.sceptergold
fe.protection.exist.structurize.sceptersteel.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.structurize.sceptersteel
fe.protection.exist.structurize.sceptertag.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.structurize.sceptertag
fe.protection.exist.structurize.shapetool.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.structurize.shapetool
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.amethyst_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.amethyst_shard
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.bomb.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.bomb
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.bomb_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.bomb_blue
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.bomb_projectile.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.bomb_projectile
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.candy.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.candy
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.flax.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.flax
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.flint_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.flint_shard
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.flute.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.flute
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.key.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.key
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.pancake_disc.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.pancake_disc
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.rope_arrow.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.rope_arrow
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_aged.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_aged
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_azure.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_azure
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_birch.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_birch
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_blood.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_blood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_charred.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cika.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cika
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_dead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_dream.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_dream
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_elder.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_elder
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_embur.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_embur
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_ether.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_ether
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_fir.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_holly.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_lament.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_lament
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_maple.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_morado.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_morado
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_oak.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_oak
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_olive.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_olive
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_oran.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_oran
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_palm.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_pine.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_poise.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_poise
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_polished.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_polished
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_river.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_river
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_tea.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_tea
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_warped.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_warped
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_white.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_white
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_willow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.slingshot.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.slingshot
fe.protection.exist.supplementaries.wrench.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.supplementaries.wrench
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bacon.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.bacon
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blank_cast.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blank_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blazing_bone.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blazing_bone
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blood_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blood_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bloodbone.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.bloodbone
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_axe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_blade.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.clear_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.clear_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.cleaver
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.coin_cast.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.coin_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.copper_can.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.copper_can
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.copper_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.copper_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.creative_slot.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.creative_slot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.dagger.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.dagger
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.debris_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.debris_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.dragon_scale.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.dragon_scale
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.efln_ball.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.efln_ball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.encyclopedia.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.encyclopedia
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.excavator.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.excavator
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.flint_shuriken.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.flint_shuriken
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gear_cast.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gear_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gem_cast.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gem_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.glow_ball.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.glow_ball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gold_item_frame.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gold_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.hammer_head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hand_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.hand_axe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ingot_cast.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ingot_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.jeweled_apple.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.jeweled_apple
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.kama.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.kama
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.large_plate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_plate_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.large_plate_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.magma_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.magma_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.materials_and_you.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.materials_and_you
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.mattock.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.mattock
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.mighty_smelting.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.mighty_smelting
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.necronium_bone.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.necronium_bone
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.necrotic_bone.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.necrotic_bone
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.netherite_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.netherite_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.nugget_cast.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.nugget_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pattern.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pattern
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe_head.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.piggy_backpack.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.piggy_backpack
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.plate_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.plate_boots
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.plate_cast.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.plate_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.plate_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.plate_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.plate_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.plate_helmet
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.plate_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.plate_leggings
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.puny_smelting.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.puny_smelting
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.repair_kit.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.repair_kit
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rod_cast.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.rod_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scorched_brick.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.scorched_brick
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scythe.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.scythe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.seared_brick.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.seared_brick
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.silky_cloth.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.silky_cloth
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.silky_jewel.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.silky_jewel
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sledge_hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sledge_hammer
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.slime_boots
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slime_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.slime_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slime_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.slime_helmet
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slime_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.slime_leggings
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_axe_head.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_axe_head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_blade.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_blade_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_blade_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sword.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.sword
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_binding.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_binding
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_handle.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_handle
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_handle.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tough_handle
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.travelers_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.travelers_boots
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.travelers_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.travelers_helmet
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.travelers_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.travelers_leggings
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.vein_hammer.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.vein_hammer
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.venom_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.venom_bucket
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.wire_cast.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.wire_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_gem.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_gem
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aberythe_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aberythe_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_gem.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_gem
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aboranys_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aboranys_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.abyss_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.abyss_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.abyss_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.abyss_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.anima_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.anima_dust
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.anima_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.anima_nugget
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.anti_fear_essence.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.anti_fear_essence
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.anti_infect_essence.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.anti_infect_essence
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.apple_of_immortality.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.apple_of_immortality
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ardor_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ardor_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.areno_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.areno_bucket
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.aurel_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.aurel_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_armor_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_axe.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_hoe.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_pickaxe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_shovel.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bone_sword_item.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bone_sword_item
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.book_icon.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.book_icon
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.broken_bone.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.broken_bone
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.caverna_crystal.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.caverna_crystal
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.caverna_powder.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.caverna_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.clock_of_time.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.clock_of_time
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.cooked_fish.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.cooked_fish
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.creeper_dust.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.creeper_dust
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.crimson_powder.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.crimson_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.crystal_hand.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.crystal_hand
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.cyanide_theme.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.cyanide_theme
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.deer_beef.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.deer_beef
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.elder_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.elder_eye
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ender_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ender_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.eye_of_abyss.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.eye_of_abyss
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.eyeicon.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.eyeicon
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.eyelie_attack.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.eyelie_attack
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fear_powder.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fear_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fish.*                                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fish
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fixed_bone.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fixed_bone
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.florite_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.florite_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.florite_gem.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.florite_gem
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.frost_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.frost_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.frost_world.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.frost_world
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusion_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusion_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.garnite_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.garnite_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.glacerythe_gem.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.glacerythe_gem
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ground_lands.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ground_lands
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.guide_book.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.guide_book
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.hollow_powder.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.hollow_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.icora_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.icora_nugget
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.icora_stone.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.icora_stone
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ignisithe_gem.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ignisithe_gem
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ignisithe_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ignisithe_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.immortal_substance.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.immortal_substance
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_axe.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_gem.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_gem
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_hoe.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_shovel.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.jungle_melon_item.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.jungle_melon_item
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.knight_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.knight_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.knight_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.knight_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.knight_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.knight_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.knight_pick_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.knight_pick_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.knight_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.knight_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.knight_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.knight_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.knight_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.knight_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.loran.*                                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.loran
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.loran_energy.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.loran_energy
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.loran_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.loran_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.lurker_juice.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.lurker_juice
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.lurker_sobber.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.lurker_sobber
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.nether_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.nether_nugget
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.nightblade_theme.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.nightblade_theme
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.node_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.node_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.nosaj_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.nosaj_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_attack.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_attack
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_essence.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_essence
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_soul_item.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_soul_item
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.phantom_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.phantom_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_curse.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_curse
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_eagle.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_eagle
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_electro.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_electro
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_fangs.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_fangs
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_fart.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_fart
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_fire.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_fire
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_firework.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_firework
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_flight.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_flight
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_freeze.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_freeze
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_home.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_home
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_jugger.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_jugger
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_nature.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_nature
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_ocean.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_ocean
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_reg.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_reg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_ring.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_ring
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_seeker.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_seeker
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_slide.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_slide
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_spectral.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_spectral
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_speed.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_speed
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_teleport.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_teleport
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_thunder.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_thunder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.ring_of_time.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.ring_of_time
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.roka_horn.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.roka_horn
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.rotten_flesh.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.scorpion_eye.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.scorpion_eye
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.shuriken.*                                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.shuriken
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.shuriken_explosive.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.shuriken_explosive
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.slime_stage_1.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.slime_stage_1
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.slime_stage_2.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.slime_stage_2
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.slime_stage_3.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.slime_stage_3
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.slime_stage_4.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.slime_stage_4
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.somnium.*                                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.somnium
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.somnium_upgrade.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.somnium_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.soul_heart.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.soul_heart
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.spectral_spawn.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.spectral_spawn
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.storyicon.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.storyicon
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.tenebris_powder.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.tenebris_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.test_tube.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.test_tube
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.test_tube_head.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.test_tube_head
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.the_abyss.*                                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.the_abyss
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.thunder_dust.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.thunder_dust
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.thunder_nugget.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.thunder_nugget
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.thunder_stone.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.thunder_stone
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.totem_of_abyss.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.totem_of_abyss
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.totem_of_thunder.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.totem_of_thunder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.totem_of_time.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.totem_of_time
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_hoe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_ingot
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_shovel
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.unorithe_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.unorithe_sword
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.vit_powder.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.vit_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.vitae_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.vitae_dust
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.vitae_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.vitae_nugget
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.vitae_stone.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.vitae_stone
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.warped_powder.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.warped_powder
fe.protection.exist.theabyss.wart_shroom.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.theabyss.wart_shroom
fe.protection.exist.titles.title_fragment.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.titles.title_fragment
fe.protection.exist.titles.title_scroll_common.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.titles.title_scroll_common
fe.protection.exist.titles.title_scroll_rare.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.titles.title_scroll_rare
fe.protection.exist.titles.title_scroll_uncommon.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.titles.title_scroll_uncommon
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.book.*                                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.book
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.copper_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.copper_ingot
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.copper_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.copper_nugget
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.upgrade_blank.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.upgrade_blank
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance
fe.protection.exist.tmechworks.upgrade_speed.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.tmechworks.upgrade_speed
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.hose.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.hose
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.perch.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.perch
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.pike.*                                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.pike
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth
fe.protection.exist.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying
fe.protection.exist.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.exist.watercan.watercan_diamond.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.watercan.watercan_diamond
fe.protection.exist.watercan.watercan_gold.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.watercan.watercan_gold
fe.protection.exist.watercan.watercan_iron.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.watercan.watercan_iron
fe.protection.exist.watercan.watercan_stone.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.watercan.watercan_stone
fe.protection.exist.watercan.watercan_wood.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.watercan.watercan_wood
fe.protection.exist.watersource.coconut_chicken.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.coconut_chicken
fe.protection.exist.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle
fe.protection.exist.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket
fe.protection.exist.watersource.coconut_piece.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.coconut_piece
fe.protection.exist.watersource.half_coconut.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.half_coconut
fe.protection.exist.watersource.leather_water_bag.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.leather_water_bag
fe.protection.exist.watersource.purified_water_bottle.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.purified_water_bottle
fe.protection.exist.watersource.purified_water_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.purified_water_bucket
fe.protection.exist.watersource.soul_water_bottle.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.soul_water_bottle
fe.protection.exist.watersource.soul_water_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.soul_water_bucket
fe.protection.exist.watersource.wooden_cup.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.wooden_cup
fe.protection.exist.watersource.wooden_cup_drink.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.watersource.wooden_cup_drink
fe.protection.exist.waterworks.firework_anti_rain.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.waterworks.firework_anti_rain
fe.protection.exist.waterworks.firework_rain.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.waterworks.firework_rain
fe.protection.exist.waterworks.material_controller.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.waterworks.material_controller
fe.protection.exist.waterworks.material_energy_adapter.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.waterworks.material_energy_adapter
fe.protection.exist.waterworks.pipe_wrench.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.waterworks.pipe_wrench
fe.protection.exist.waterworks.waterworks_debugger.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.waterworks.waterworks_debugger
fe.protection.exist.weeping_angels.chisel.*                                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.weeping_angels.chisel
fe.protection.exist.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator
fe.protection.exist.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot
fe.protection.exist.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally
fe.protection.exist.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails
fe.protection.exist.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector
fe.protection.exist.weeping_angels.weeping_angel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.weeping_angels.weeping_angel
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                                       # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.dune_platter.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.dune_platter
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.escargot.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.escargot
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.perch_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.perch_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.pike_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.pike_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.seared_venison.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.seared_venison
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.silver_knife.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.silver_knife
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.slabdish.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.slabdish
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots
fe.protection.inventory.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice
fe.protection.inventory.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge
fe.protection.inventory.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.aerometer.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.aerometer
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.diamond_respirator.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.diamond_respirator
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.gold_respirator.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.gold_respirator
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.iron_respirator.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.iron_respirator
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.inventory.adpother.polluted_water_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adpother.polluted_water_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers
fe.protection.inventory.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.inventory.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes
fe.protection.inventory.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.ambergris.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.ambergris
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.ancient_dart.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.ancient_dart
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.banana.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.banana
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.bear_fur.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.bear_fur
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.blobfish.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.blobfish
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.blood_sac.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.blood_sac
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.centipede_leg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.centipede_leg
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.echolocator.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.echolocator
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.emu_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.emu_egg
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.emu_feather.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.emu_feather
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.emu_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.emu_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.endolocator.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.endolocator
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.falconry_glove.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.falconry_hood.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.falconry_hood
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.fedora.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.fedora
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.fish_oil.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.fish_oil
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.frontier_cap.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.frontier_cap
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.gongylidia.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.gongylidia
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.guster_eye.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.guster_eye
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.halo.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.halo
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.komodo_spit.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.lava_bottle.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.lava_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.lobster_tail.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.lobster_tail
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.maggot.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.maggot
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.maraca.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.maraca
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.mimicream.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.mimicream
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.moose_antler.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.moose_antler
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.moose_headgear.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.moose_headgear
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.moose_ribs.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.moose_ribs
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.pocket_sand.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.pocket_sand
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.poison_bottle.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.poison_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.shark_tooth.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.sombrero.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.sombrero
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.soul_heart.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.soul_heart
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spiked_scute.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spiked_scute
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.straddleboard.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.straddleboard
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.straddlite.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.straddlite
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.tab_icon.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.tab_icon
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.warped_mixture.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.warped_mixture
fe.protection.inventory.alexsmobs.warped_muscle.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alexsmobs.warped_muscle
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.aluminum_clump.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.aluminum_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.aluminum_crystal.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.aluminum_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.aluminum_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.aluminum_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.aluminum_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.aluminum_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.aluminum_shard.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.aluminum_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.copper_clump.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.copper_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.copper_crystal.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.copper_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.copper_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.copper_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.copper_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.copper_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.copper_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.copper_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.copper_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.copper_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.gold_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.gold_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.iron_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.iron_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.lead_clump.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.lead_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.lead_crystal.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.lead_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.lead_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.lead_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.lead_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.lead_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.lead_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.lead_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.lead_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.lead_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.nickel_clump.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.nickel_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.nickel_crystal.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.nickel_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.nickel_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.nickel_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.nickel_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.nickel_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.nickel_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.nickel_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.nickel_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.nickel_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.osmium_clump.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.osmium_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.osmium_crystal.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.osmium_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.osmium_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.osmium_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.osmium_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.osmium_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.osmium_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.osmium_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.osmium_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.osmium_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.platinum_clump.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.platinum_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.platinum_crystal.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.platinum_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.platinum_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.platinum_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.platinum_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.platinum_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.platinum_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.platinum_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.platinum_shard.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.platinum_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.silver_clump.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.silver_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.silver_crystal.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.silver_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.silver_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.silver_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.silver_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.silver_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.silver_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.silver_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.silver_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.silver_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.tin_clump.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.tin_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.tin_crystal.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.tin_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.tin_dust.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.tin_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.tin_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.tin_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.tin_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.tin_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.tin_shard.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.tin_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.uranium_clump.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.uranium_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.uranium_crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.uranium_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.uranium_dust.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.uranium_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.uranium_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.uranium_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.uranium_nugget.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.uranium_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.uranium_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.uranium_shard
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.zinc_clump.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.zinc_clump
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.zinc_crystal.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.zinc_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.zinc_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.zinc_dust
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.zinc_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.zinc_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.zinc_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.zinc_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.alltheores.zinc_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alltheores.zinc_shard
fe.protection.inventory.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas
fe.protection.inventory.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.algae.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.algae
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.arapaima.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.arapaima
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.arrau_turtle.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.atlantic_cod.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.atlantic_herring.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.bayad.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.bayad
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.bayad_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.bayad_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.blackfish.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.blackfish
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.bluegill.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.bluegill
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.bobber.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.bobber
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.boulti.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.boulti
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.boulti_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.boulti_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.box.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.box
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.box_turtle.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.box_turtle
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.brown_shrooma.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.brown_trout.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.brown_trout
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.capitaine.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.capitaine
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.carp.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.carp
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.carp_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.carp_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.catfish.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.catfish
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.catfish_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.catfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.diamond_hook.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.diamond_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.double_hook.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.double_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.driftwood.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.driftwood
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.fish_bones.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.fish_bones
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.fishing_line.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.fishing_line
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.frog.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.frog
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.gar.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.gar
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.gar_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.gar_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.gold_hook.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.gold_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.goldfish.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.goldfish
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.heavy_hook.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.heavy_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.iron_hook.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.iron_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.jellyfish.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.jellyfish
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.leech.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.leech
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.light_hook.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.light_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.lockbox.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.lockbox
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.minnow.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.minnow
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.minnow_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.minnow_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.muskellunge.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.muskellunge
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_axe
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_boots
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_bow.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_bow
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.neptunium_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.neptunium_sword
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.nether_star_hook.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.nether_star_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.note_hook.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.note_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.pacific_halibut.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.perch.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.perch
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.perch_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.perch_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.pink_salmon.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.pink_salmon
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.piranha.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.piranha
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.piranha_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.pollock.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.pollock
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.pollock_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.pollock_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.rainbow_trout.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.red_grouper.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.red_grouper
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.red_shrooma.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.red_shrooma
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.redstone_hook.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.redstone_hook
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.starshell_turtle.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.sushi.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.sushi
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.synodontis.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.synodontis
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.tambaqui.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.tambaqui
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.tin_can.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.tin_can
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.treasure_chest.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.treasure_chest
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.tuna.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.tuna
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.tuna_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.tuna_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.turtle_soup.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.turtle_soup
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife
fe.protection.inventory.aquaculture.worm.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aquaculture.worm
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.auto_chestplate_liner.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.auto_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.auto_leggings_liner.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.auto_leggings_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.cool_boots_liner.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.cool_boots_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.cool_chestplate_liner.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.cool_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.cool_helmet_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.cool_helmet_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.cool_leggings_liner.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.cool_leggings_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.cool_liner_material.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.cool_liner_material
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.cooling_goo.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.cooling_goo
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.flipflop_goo.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.flipflop_goo
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.flipflop_liner_material.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.flipflop_liner_material
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.goopak_cool.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.goopak_cool
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.goopak_heat.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.goopak_heat
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.goopak_spent.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.goopak_spent
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.heating_goo.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.heating_goo
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.liner_snips.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.liner_snips
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.mod_icon.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.mod_icon
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.special_liner_snips.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.special_liner_snips
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.warm_boots_liner.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.warm_boots_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.warm_chestplate_liner.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.warm_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.warm_helmet_liner.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.warm_helmet_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.warm_leggings_liner.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.warm_leggings_liner
fe.protection.inventory.armorunder.warm_liner_material.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.auw.warm_liner_material
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.antidote_vessel.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.antidote_vessel
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.aqua_dashers.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.aqua_dashers
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.bunny_hoppers.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.bunny_hoppers
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.charm_of_sinking.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.charm_of_sinking
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.cross_necklace.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.cross_necklace
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.crystal_heart.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.crystal_heart
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.digging_claws.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.digging_claws
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.eternal_steak.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.eternal_steak
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.everlasting_beef.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.everlasting_beef
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.feral_claws.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.feral_claws
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.fire_gauntlet.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.fire_gauntlet
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.flame_pendant.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.flame_pendant
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.flippers.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.flippers
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.golden_hook.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.golden_hook
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.helium_flamingo.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.helium_flamingo
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.kitty_slippers.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.kitty_slippers
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.lucky_scarf.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.lucky_scarf
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.night_vision_goggles.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.night_vision_goggles
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.obsidian_skull.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.obsidian_skull
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.panic_necklace.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.panic_necklace
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.pocket_piston.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.pocket_piston
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.power_glove.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.power_glove
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.running_shoes.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.running_shoes
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.shock_pendant.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.shock_pendant
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.snorkel.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.snorkel
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.steadfast_spikes.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.steadfast_spikes
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.superstitious_hat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.superstitious_hat
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.thorn_pendant.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.thorn_pendant
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.umbrella.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.umbrella
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.universal_attractor.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.universal_attractor
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.vampiric_glove.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.vampiric_glove
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.villager_hat.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.villager_hat
fe.protection.inventory.artifacts.whoopee_cushion.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.artifacts.whoopee_cushion
fe.protection.inventory.astikorcarts.animal_cart.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.astikorcarts.animal_cart
fe.protection.inventory.astikorcarts.plow.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.astikorcarts.plow
fe.protection.inventory.astikorcarts.supply_cart.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.astikorcarts.supply_cart
fe.protection.inventory.astikorcarts.wheel.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.astikorcarts.wheel
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.antler.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.antler
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.blubber.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.blubber
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy
fe.protection.inventory.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_boots
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.amber_gem.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.amber_gem
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.amber_root_raw.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.amber_root_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.blossom_berry.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.blossom_berry
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.crystal_shards.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.crystal_shards
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.crystalite_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.crystalite_boots
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.diamond_hammer.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.diamond_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.enchanted_petal.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.enchanted_petal
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.end_fish_raw.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.end_fish_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.ender_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.ender_dust
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.ender_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.ender_shard
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.eternal_crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.eternal_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.gelatine.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.gelatine
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.glowing_bulb.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.glowing_bulb
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.golden_hammer.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.golden_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.guidebook.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.guidebook
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.hydralux_petal.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.hydralux_petal
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.iron_hammer.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.iron_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.leather_stripe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.leather_stripe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.netherite_hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.netherite_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.raw_amber.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.raw_amber
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.silk_fiber.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.silk_fiber
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_axe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_boots
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_sword
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_boots
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle
fe.protection.inventory.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice
fe.protection.inventory.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.bop_icon.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.bop_icon
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.dead_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.dead_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.fir_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.fir_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.magic_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.magic_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mud_ball.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.mud_ball
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.mud_brick
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.palm_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.palm_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.willow_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.biomesoplenty.willow_boat
fe.protection.inventory.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item
fe.protection.inventory.blockcarpentry.chisel.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.blockcarpentry.chisel
fe.protection.inventory.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball
fe.protection.inventory.blockcarpentry.hammer.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.blockcarpentry.hammer
fe.protection.inventory.blockcarpentry.paintbrush.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.blockcarpentry.paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.ai.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.ai
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc
fe.protection.inventory.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_base.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_base
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_epic.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_epic
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_excellent.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_excellent
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_good.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_good
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_great.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_great
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_legendary.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_legendary
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_poor.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_poor
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_verygood.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_verygood
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.barter_token_verypoor.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.barter_token_verypoor
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.cowmilk_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.cowmilk_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.experience_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.experience_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.honey_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.honey_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.oatmilk_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.oatmilk_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.potable_water_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.potable_water_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.seedoil_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.seedoil_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.carrots.squidink_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.carrots.squidink_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.block_bit
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.quill.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.quill
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.sealant.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.sealant
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.unseal.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.unseal
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.wrench.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chiselsandbits.wrench
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocobo_feather.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocobo_feather
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocobo_saddle.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocobo_whistle.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocobo_whistle
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.chocopedia.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.chocopedia
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.gold_gysahl.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.gold_gysahl
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.gysahl_cake.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.gysahl_cake
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.gysahl_green.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.gysahl_green
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.pink_gysahl.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.pink_gysahl
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.red_gysahl.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.red_gysahl
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.citadel.citadel_book.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.citadel.citadel_book
fe.protection.inventory.citadel.debug.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.citadel.debug
fe.protection.inventory.citadel.effect_item.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.citadel.effect_item
fe.protection.inventory.citadel.fancy_item.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.citadel.fancy_item
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.filled_waterskin.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Waterskin
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.fur.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.fur
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.fur_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.fur_boots
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.fur_cap.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.fur_cap
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.fur_pants.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.fur_pants
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.fur_parka.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.fur_parka
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.thermometer.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.cold_sweat.waterskin.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.cold_sweat.waterskin
fe.protection.inventory.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat
fe.protection.inventory.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball
fe.protection.inventory.constructionwand.core_angel.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.constructionwand.core_angel
fe.protection.inventory.constructionwand.core_destruction.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.constructionwand.core_destruction
fe.protection.inventory.constructionwand.diamond_wand.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.constructionwand.diamond_wand
fe.protection.inventory.constructionwand.infinity_wand.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.constructionwand.infinity_wand
fe.protection.inventory.constructionwand.iron_wand.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.constructionwand.iron_wand
fe.protection.inventory.constructionwand.stone_wand.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.constructionwand.stone_wand
fe.protection.inventory.coupons.brewing_coupon.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.coupons.brewing_coupon
fe.protection.inventory.coupons.crafting_coupon.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.coupons.crafting_coupon
fe.protection.inventory.coupons.experience_coupon.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.coupons.experience_coupon
fe.protection.inventory.coupons.furnace_coupon.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.coupons.furnace_coupon
fe.protection.inventory.coupons.loot_coupon.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.coupons.loot_coupon
fe.protection.inventory.coupons.trading_coupon.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.coupons.trading_coupon
fe.protection.inventory.curios.amulet.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.curios.amulet
fe.protection.inventory.curios.crown.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.curios.crown
fe.protection.inventory.curios.knuckles.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.curios.knuckles
fe.protection.inventory.curios.ring.*                                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.curios.ring
fe.protection.inventory.daily_rewards.taken_reward.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.daily_rewards.taken_reward
fe.protection.inventory.direbats.direbat_fang.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.direbats.direbat_fang
fe.protection.inventory.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.crow_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.crow_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.golden_bone.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.golden_bone
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.guard_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.guard_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.home_gem.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.home_gem
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.king_crown.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.king_crown
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.king_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.king_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.leech_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.leech_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.ore_detector.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.ore_detector
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.pice_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.pice_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.potion_straw.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.potion_straw
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.sun_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.sun_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.translatable_book.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.translatable_book
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.unstable_map.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.unstable_map
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.void_tome.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.void_tome
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg
fe.protection.inventory.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.horn.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.horn
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg
fe.protection.inventory.eccentrictome.tome.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.eccentrictome.tome
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.bolloom_balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.bolloom_fruit.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.bolloom_fruit
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.booflo_hide.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.booflo_hide
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.booflo_vest.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.booflo_vest
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.eumus_brick.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.eumus_brick
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.poise_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.poise_boat
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.puffbug_bottle.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.puffbug_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.black_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.black_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.cold_eye.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.cold_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.corrupted_eye.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.corrupted_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_axe
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_boots
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_eye.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_fragment.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_fragment
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_hoe.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.end_crystal_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.end_crystal_sword
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.guardian_eye.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.guardian_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.lost_eye.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.lost_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.magical_eye.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.magical_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.nether_eye.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.nether_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.old_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.old_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.rogue_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.rogue_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.witch_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.witch_eye
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.witch_pupil.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.witch_pupil
fe.protection.inventory.endrem.wither_eye.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.endrem.wither_eye
fe.protection.inventory.engineersdecor.metal_bar.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.engineersdecor.metal_bar
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.birch_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.birch_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.dead_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.dead_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.fir_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.fir_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_acacia_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_acacia_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_aspen_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_aspen_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_birch_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_birch_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_cherry_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_cherry_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_crimson_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_crimson_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_dead_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_dead_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_fir_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_fir_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_jungle_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_jungle_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_kousa_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_kousa_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_magic_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_magic_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_maple_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_maple_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_morado_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_morado_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_oak_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_oak_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_palm_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_palm_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_poise_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_poise_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_redwood_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_redwood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_river_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_river_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_sakura_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_sakura_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_spruce_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_spruce_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_umbran_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_umbran_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_warped_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_warped_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_willow_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_willow_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.large_yucca_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.large_yucca_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.magic_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.magic_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.maple_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.maple_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.morado_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.morado_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.oak_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.palm_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.palm_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.poise_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.poise_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.river_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.river_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.river_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.river_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.warped_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.warped_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.willow_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat
fe.protection.inventory.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat
fe.protection.inventory.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.apple_cider.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.apple_cider
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.bacon.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.bacon
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.beef_patty.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.beef_patty
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.beef_stew.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.beef_stew
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cabbage.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cabbage
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cake_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.canvas.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.canvas
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.chicken_soup.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.chicken_soup
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cod_slice.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cod_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cooked_rice.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cooked_rice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.diamond_knife.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.diamond_knife
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.dog_food.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.dog_food
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.dumplings.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.dumplings
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.fish_stew.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.fish_stew
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.flint_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.flint_knife
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.fried_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.fried_egg
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.fried_rice.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.fried_rice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.fruit_salad.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.fruit_salad
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.golden_knife.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.golden_knife
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.ham.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.ham
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.hamburger.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.honey_cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.honey_cookie
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.horse_feed.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.horse_feed
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.iron_knife.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.iron_knife
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.melon_juice.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.melon_juice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.milk_bottle.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.milk_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.minced_beef.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.minced_beef
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.mixed_salad.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.mixed_salad
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.mutton_chops.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.mutton_chops
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.nether_salad.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.nether_salad
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.netherite_knife.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.netherite_knife
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.noodle_soup.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.noodle_soup
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.pie_crust.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.pie_crust
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.ratatouille.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.ratatouille
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.raw_pasta.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.raw_pasta
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.rice_panicle.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.rice_panicle
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.roast_chicken.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.roast_chicken
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.salmon_slice.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.salmon_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.smoked_ham.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.smoked_ham
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.straw.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.straw
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.tomato.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.tomato
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.tree_bark.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.tree_bark
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup
fe.protection.inventory.farmersdelight.wheat_dough.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersdelight.wheat_dough
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.black_cod.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.black_cod
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.black_tea.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.black_tea
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.blazing_chili.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.blazing_chili
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.coffee.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.coffee
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.coffee_berries.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.coffee_berries
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.green_tea.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.green_tea
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.purulent_tea.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.purulent_tea
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.rose_hips.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.rose_hips
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.tea_curry.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.tea_curry
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.yellow_tea.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea
fe.protection.inventory.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves
fe.protection.inventory.ftblibrary.fluid_container.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ftblibrary.fluid_container
fe.protection.inventory.ftbquests.book.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ftbquests.book
fe.protection.inventory.ftbquests.custom_icon.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ftbquests.custom_icon
fe.protection.inventory.ftbquests.lootcrate.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ftbquests.lootcrate
fe.protection.inventory.ftbquests.missing_item.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ftbquests.missing_item
fe.protection.inventory.gates.frequency_changer.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gates.frequency_changer
fe.protection.inventory.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.gates.redstone_torch_pearl.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gates.redstone_torch_pearl
fe.protection.inventory.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.lolipop.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.lolipop
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.necrum.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.necrum
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword
fe.protection.inventory.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.hardcore_torches.animal_fat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.hardcore_torches.animal_fat
fe.protection.inventory.hardcore_torches.oil_can.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.hardcore_torches.oil_can
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.ambrosia.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.ambrosia
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.amphithere_feather.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.amphithere_feather
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.amphithere_skull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.amphithere_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.amythest_gem.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.amythest_gem
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_amythest_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_amythest_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_amythest_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_amythest_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_black_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_black_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_black_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_black_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_blue_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_blue_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_blue_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_blue_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_bronze_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_bronze_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_bronze_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_bronze_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_electric_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_electric_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_electric_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_electric_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_gray_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_gray_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_gray_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_gray_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_green_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_green_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_green_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_green_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_red_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_red_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_red_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_red_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_white_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_white_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_white_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.armor_white_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.bestiary.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.bestiary
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.blindfold.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.blindfold
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.cannoli.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.cannoli
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.chain.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.chain
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.chain_sticky.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.chain_sticky
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.copper_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.copper_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.copper_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.copper_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.copper_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.copper_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.copper_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.copper_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.copper_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.copper_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.copper_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.copper_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.cyclops_eye.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.cyclops_eye
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.cyclops_skull.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.cyclops_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_flute.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_flute
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_horn.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_horn
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_meal.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_meal
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragon_stick.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragon_stick
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_body.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_neck.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_tail.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_body.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_head.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_neck.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_tail.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_body.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_head.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_neck.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_tail.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_body.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_head.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_neck.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_tail.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_body.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_head.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_neck.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_tail.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_body.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_head.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_neck.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_tail.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_body.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_head.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_neck.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_tail.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_body.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_neck.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_tail.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_amythest.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_black.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_blue.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_bronze.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_copper.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_electric.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_gray.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_green.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_red.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_sapphire.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_silver.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonegg_white.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_amythest.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_black.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_blue.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_bronze.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_copper.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_electric.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_gray.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_green.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_red.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_sapphire.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_silver.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonscales_white.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dread_key.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dread_key
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dread_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dread_shard
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.dread_sword.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.dread_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.earplugs.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.earplugs
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.ectoplasm.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.ectoplasm
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.fire_stew.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.fire_stew
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.fishing_spear.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.fishing_spear
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.frost_stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.frost_stew
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.ghost_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.ghost_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.ghost_sword.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.ghost_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.gorgon_head.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.gorgon_head
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hydra_arrow.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hydra_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hydra_fang.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hydra_fang
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hydra_heart.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hydra_heart
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.hydra_skull.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.hydra_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.lich_staff.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.lich_staff
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.lightning_stew.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.lightning_stew
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.manuscript.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.manuscript
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.pixie_dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.pixie_dust
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.pixie_wand.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.pixie_wand
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.pixie_wings.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.pixie_wings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.rotten_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.rotten_egg
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sapphire_gem.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sapphire_gem
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sheep_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sheep_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sheep_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sheep_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sheep_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sheep_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.shiny_scales.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.shiny_scales
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.silver_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.silver_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.silver_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.silver_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.silver_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.silver_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.silver_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.silver_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.silver_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.silver_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.silver_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.silver_sword
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.siren_flute.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.siren_flute
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.siren_tear.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.siren_tear
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.stone_statue.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.stone_statue
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_blue_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_blue_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_blue_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_blue_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_bronze_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_bronze_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_bronze_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_bronze_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_green_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_green_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_green_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_green_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_purple_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_purple_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_purple_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_purple_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_red_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_red_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_red_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_red_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_teal_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_teal_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_teal_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_teal_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_trident.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.tide_trident
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_skull.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_skull
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_tusk.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_tusk
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.wither_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.wither_shard
fe.protection.inventory.iceandfire.witherbone.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iceandfire.witherbone
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.curry_base.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.curry_base
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.diced_onion.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.diced_onion
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.monster_tuft.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.monster_tuft
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.potato_cubes.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.potato_cubes
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.potato_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.potato_slice
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.pyttipanna.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.pyttipanna
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank
fe.protection.inventory.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.axe_steel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.axe_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.blueprint.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.buckshot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.buckshot
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.casull.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.casull
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.chemthrower.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.chemthrower
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.circuit_board.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.circuit_board
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.coal_coke.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.coal_coke
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.component_iron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.component_iron
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.component_steel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.component_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.coresample.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.coresample
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.drill.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.drill
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_coke.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_coke
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_copper.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_copper
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_gold.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_gold
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_iron.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_iron
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_lead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_lead
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_silver.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_silver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_steel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.dust_wood.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.dust_wood
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.earmuffs.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.earmuffs
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.electron_tube.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.electron_tube
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.empty_casing.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.empty_casing
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.empty_shell.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.empty_shell
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.firework.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.firework
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.flare.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.flare
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.hammer
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.he.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.he
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.homing.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.homing
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.jerrycan.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.jerrycan
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.manual.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.manual
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_gear.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_gear
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_plate.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_plate
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_rod
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.mold_wire.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.mold_wire
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_copper.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_copper
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_gold.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_gold
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_iron.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_iron
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_lead.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_lead
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_silver.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_silver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.potion.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.potion
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.powerpack.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.powerpack
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.railgun.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.railgun
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.revolver.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.revolver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.rockcutter.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.rockcutter
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.sawblade.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.sawblade
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.screwdriver.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shader.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shader
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_common.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_epic.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_ie_masterwork.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_rare.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_uncommon.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shield.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shield
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.silver.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.silver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.skyhook.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.skyhook
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.slag.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.slag
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.speedloader.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.speedloader
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.stick_iron.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.stick_iron
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.stick_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.stick_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.stick_treated.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.stick_treated
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.survey_tools.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.survey_tools
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.sword_steel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.sword_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolbox.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolbox
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.voltmeter.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.voltmeter
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wire_copper.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wire_copper
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wire_lead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wire_lead
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wire_steel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wire_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wirecutter.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wirecutter
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wolfpack.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wolfpack
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.bitumen.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.bitumen
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.debug.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.debug
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.oil_can.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.oil_can
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.petcoke.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.projector.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.projector
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.speedboat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.speedboat
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders
fe.protection.inventory.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_constantan.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_constantan
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_copper.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_copper
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_electrum.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_electrum
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_gold.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_gold
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_lead.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_lead
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_nickel.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_nickel
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_silver.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_silver
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveposts.stick_uranium.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiveposts.stick_uranium
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_augment.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_augment
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_hook.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_hook
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_manual.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_manual
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_plate.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_plate
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_rail.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_rail
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key
fe.protection.inventory.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.always_false.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.always_false
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.always_true.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.always_true
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.and.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.and
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.block.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.block
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.custom.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.custom
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.damage.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.damage
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.id_regex.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.id_regex
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.item_group.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.item_group
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.max_count.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.max_count
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.mod.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.mod
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.not.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.not
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.or.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.or
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.strong_nbt.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.strong_nbt
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.tag.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.tag
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.weak_nbt.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.weak_nbt
fe.protection.inventory.itemfilters.xor.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemfilters.xor
fe.protection.inventory.locksmith.blank_key.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.locksmith.blank_key
fe.protection.inventory.locksmith.blank_lock.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.locksmith.blank_lock
fe.protection.inventory.locksmith.blank_lock_button.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.locksmith.blank_lock_button
fe.protection.inventory.locksmith.key.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.locksmith.key
fe.protection.inventory.locksmith.keyring.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.locksmith.keyring
fe.protection.inventory.locksmith.lock.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.locksmith.lock
fe.protection.inventory.locksmith.lockpick.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.locksmith.lockpick
fe.protection.inventory.manure.manure.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.manure.manure
fe.protection.inventory.mcwbridges.pliers.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwbridges.pliers
fe.protection.inventory.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_acacia.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_acacia
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_birch.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_birch
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_jungle.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_jungle
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_mystic.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_nether.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_nether
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_oak.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_oak
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_spruce.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_spruce
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_swamp.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.inventory.mcwdoors.print_waffle.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwdoors.print_waffle
fe.protection.inventory.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door
fe.protection.inventory.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer
fe.protection.inventory.mcwroofs.rain_gutter.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwroofs.rain_gutter
fe.protection.inventory.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.inventory.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical
fe.protection.inventory.mcwwindows.hammer.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwwindows.hammer
fe.protection.inventory.mcwwindows.key.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwwindows.key
fe.protection.inventory.mcwwindows.window_base.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwwindows.window_base
fe.protection.inventory.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base
fe.protection.inventory.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base
fe.protection.inventory.measurements.tape_measure.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.measurements.tape_measure
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.acacia_boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.air.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY block.minecraft.air
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.armor_stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.baked_potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.beetroot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.beetroot_soup
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.birch_boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.black_dye.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.black_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.blaze_powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.blaze_rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blue_dye.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.blue_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone_meal.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bone_meal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brown_dye.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.brown_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chainmail_boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chainmail_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chainmail_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.charcoal.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chest_minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.chorus_fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.clay_ball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cod.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cod_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cod_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.command_block_minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cooked_beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cooked_chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_cod.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cooked_cod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cooked_mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cooked_porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cooked_rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_salmon.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cooked_salmon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.crossbow.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cyan_dye.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.cyan_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.debug_stick.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.debug_stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.diamond_sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.dragon_breath
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dried_kelp.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.dried_kelp
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.elytra.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.elytra
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.enchanted_book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.end_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.ender_eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.ender_pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.experience_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.filled_map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.fire_charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_rocket.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.firework_rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_star.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.firework_star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.fishing_rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.flint_and_steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.furnace_minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.ghast_tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.glass_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.glowstone_dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.gold_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.gold_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_horse_armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.golden_sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gray_dye.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.gray_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.green_dye.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.green_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.honey_bottle.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.honey_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.honeycomb.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.hopper_minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ink_sac.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.ink_sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_horse_armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.iron_sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.jungle_boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.knowledge_book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lapis_lazuli.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.lapis_lazuli
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.lava_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.leather_boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.leather_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.leather_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_horse_armor.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.leather_horse_armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.leather_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.light_blue_dye.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.light_blue_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.light_gray_dye.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.light_gray_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lime_dye.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.lime_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.lingering_potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magenta_dye.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.magenta_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.magma_cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_slice.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.melon_slice
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.milk_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.mushroom_stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_11.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_11
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_13.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_13
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_blocks.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_blocks
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_cat.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_cat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_chirp.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_chirp
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_far.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_far
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_mall.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_mall
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_stal.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_stal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_strad.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_strad
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_wait.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_wait
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.music_disc_ward.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.music_disc_ward
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mutton.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.name_tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nautilus_shell.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.nautilus_shell
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.nether_brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.nether_star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_hoe.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_scrap.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_scrap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_shovel.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherite_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.netherite_sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.oak_boat.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.oak_boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.orange_dye.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.orange_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.phantom_membrane.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.phantom_membrane
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pink_dye.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.pink_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.poisonous_potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.prismarine_crystals
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.prismarine_shard
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pufferfish.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.pufferfish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.pumpkin_pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.purple_dye.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.purple_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.rabbit_foot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.rabbit_hide
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.rabbit_stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.red_dye.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.red_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.salmon.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.salmon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.salmon_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.salmon_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.scute.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.scute
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shield.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.shield
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.shulker_shell
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.slime_ball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.spectral_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.spider_eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.splash_potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.spruce_boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.stone_axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.stone_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.stone_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.stone_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.stone_sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.suspicious_stew.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.suspicious_stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.tipped_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.tnt_minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.totem_of_undying
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.trident.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.trident
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tropical_fish.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.tropical_fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.turtle_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.turtle_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.water_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.white_dye.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.white_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wooden_axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wooden_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wooden_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.wooden_sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.writable_book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.written_book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.yellow_dye.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.yellow_dye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mobcatcher.net.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mobcatcher.net
fe.protection.inventory.mobcatcher.net_launcher.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mobcatcher.net_launcher
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barako_mask.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barako_mask
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.blowgun.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.blowgun
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.dart.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.dart
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.logo.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.logo
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.mob_remover.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.mob_remover
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.naga_fang.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.spear.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.spear
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.chemical_x.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.chemical_x
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.naturescompass.naturescompass
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.grilled_strider.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.grilled_strider
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.ground_strider.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.ground_strider
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.nether_skewer.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.nether_skewer
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.propelpearl.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.propelpearl
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.strider_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.strider_slice
fe.protection.inventory.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat
fe.protection.inventory.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.bathosphere.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.bathosphere
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.crab_leg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.crab_leg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.seapig_record.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.seapig_record
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.inventory.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.azure_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.azure_boat
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.floral_paste.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.floral_paste
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.spectragel.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.spectragel
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.stalker_meat.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.stalker_meat
fe.protection.inventory.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.paraglider.anti_vessel.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paraglider.anti_vessel
fe.protection.inventory.paraglider.deku_leaf.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paraglider.deku_leaf
fe.protection.inventory.paraglider.essence.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paraglider.essence
fe.protection.inventory.paraglider.heart_container.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paraglider.heart_container
fe.protection.inventory.paraglider.paraglider.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paraglider.paraglider
fe.protection.inventory.paraglider.spirit_orb.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paraglider.spirit_orb
fe.protection.inventory.paraglider.stamina_vessel.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paraglider.stamina_vessel
fe.protection.inventory.patchouli.guide_book.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.patchouli.guide_book
fe.protection.inventory.platforms.wrench.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.platforms.wrench
fe.protection.inventory.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike
fe.protection.inventory.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.clam.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat
fe.protection.inventory.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat
fe.protection.inventory.quark.abacus.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.abacus
fe.protection.inventory.quark.ancient_tome.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.ancient_tome
fe.protection.inventory.quark.backpack.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.backpack
fe.protection.inventory.quark.biotite.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.biotite
fe.protection.inventory.quark.black_item_frame.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.black_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.black_rune.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.black_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.black_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.black_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.blank_rune.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.blank_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.blue_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.blue_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.blue_rune.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.blue_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.blue_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.blue_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.bottled_cloud.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.bottled_cloud
fe.protection.inventory.quark.brown_item_frame.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.brown_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.brown_rune.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.brown_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.brown_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.brown_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.cactus_paste.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.cactus_paste
fe.protection.inventory.quark.clear_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.clear_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.cooked_frog_leg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.cooked_frog_leg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.crab_leg.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.crab_leg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.crab_shell.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.crab_shell
fe.protection.inventory.quark.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.cyan_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.cyan_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.cyan_rune.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.cyan_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.cyan_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.cyan_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.diamond_heart.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.diamond_heart
fe.protection.inventory.quark.dirty_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.dirty_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.dragon_scale.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.dragon_scale
fe.protection.inventory.quark.flamerang.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.flamerang
fe.protection.inventory.quark.forgotten_hat.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.forgotten_hat
fe.protection.inventory.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.frog_leg.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.frog_leg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.glass_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.golden_frog_leg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.golden_frog_leg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.gray_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.gray_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.gray_rune.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.gray_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.gray_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.gray_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.green_item_frame.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.green_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.green_rune.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.green_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.green_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.green_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.light_blue_item_frame.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.light_blue_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.light_blue_rune.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.light_blue_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.light_blue_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.light_blue_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.light_gray_item_frame.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.light_gray_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.light_gray_rune.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.light_gray_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.light_gray_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.light_gray_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.lime_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.lime_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.lime_rune.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.lime_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.lime_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.lime_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.magenta_item_frame.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.magenta_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.magenta_rune.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.magenta_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.magenta_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.magenta_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_chatter.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_chatter
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_clock.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_clock
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_crickets.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_crickets
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_drips.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_drips
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_endermosh.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_endermosh
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_fire.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_fire
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_ocean.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_ocean
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_rain.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_rain
fe.protection.inventory.quark.music_disc_wind.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.music_disc_wind
fe.protection.inventory.quark.orange_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.orange_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.orange_rune.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.orange_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.orange_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.orange_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.pickarang.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.pickarang
fe.protection.inventory.quark.pink_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.pink_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.pink_rune.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.pink_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.pink_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.pink_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.purple_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.purple_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.purple_rune.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.purple_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.purple_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.purple_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.rainbow_rune.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.rainbow_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.ravager_hide.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.ravager_hide
fe.protection.inventory.quark.red_item_frame.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.red_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.red_rune.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.red_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.red_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.red_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.root_item.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.root_item
fe.protection.inventory.quark.seed_pouch.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.seed_pouch
fe.protection.inventory.quark.shiba_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.shiba_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.slime_in_a_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.slime_in_a_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.quark.soul_bead.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.soul_bead
fe.protection.inventory.quark.soul_compass.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.soul_compass
fe.protection.inventory.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.tallow.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.tallow
fe.protection.inventory.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.trowel.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.trowel
fe.protection.inventory.quark.white_item_frame.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.white_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.white_rune.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.white_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.white_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.white_shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.wraith_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.wraith_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.yellow_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.yellow_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.yellow_rune.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.yellow_rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.yellow_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.quark.yellow_shard
fe.protection.inventory.rats.archeologist_hat.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.archeologist_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.assorted_vegetables.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.assorted_vegetables
fe.protection.inventory.rats.bee_wing.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.bee_wing
fe.protection.inventory.rats.black_death_mask.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.black_death_mask
fe.protection.inventory.rats.blue_cheese.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.blue_cheese
fe.protection.inventory.rats.centipede.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.centipede
fe.protection.inventory.rats.charged_creeper_chunk.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.charged_creeper_chunk
fe.protection.inventory.rats.cheese.*                                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.cheese
fe.protection.inventory.rats.cheese_banner_pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.cheese_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.rats.cheese_stick.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.cheese_stick
fe.protection.inventory.rats.chef_toque.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.chef_toque
fe.protection.inventory.rats.confit_byaldi.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.confit_byaldi
fe.protection.inventory.rats.contaminated_food.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.contaminated_food
fe.protection.inventory.rats.cooked_rat.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.cooked_rat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.corrupt_rat_skull.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.corrupt_rat_skull
fe.protection.inventory.rats.creative_cheese.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.creative_cheese
fe.protection.inventory.rats.crimson_liquid.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.crimson_liquid
fe.protection.inventory.rats.dragon_wing.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.dragon_wing
fe.protection.inventory.rats.exterminator_hat.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.exterminator_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.farmer_hat.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.farmer_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.feathery_wing.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.feathery_wing
fe.protection.inventory.rats.filth.*                                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.filth
fe.protection.inventory.rats.filth_corruption.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.filth_corruption
fe.protection.inventory.rats.fisherman_hat.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.fisherman_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.gilded_rat_flute.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.gilded_rat_flute
fe.protection.inventory.rats.golden_rat_skull.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.golden_rat_skull
fe.protection.inventory.rats.halo_hat.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.halo_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.herb_bundle.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.herb_bundle
fe.protection.inventory.rats.little_black_squash_balls.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.little_black_squash_balls
fe.protection.inventory.rats.little_black_worm.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.little_black_worm
fe.protection.inventory.rats.music_disc_living_mice.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.music_disc_living_mice
fe.protection.inventory.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus
fe.protection.inventory.rats.nether_cheese.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.nether_cheese
fe.protection.inventory.rats.party_hat_1.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.party_hat_1
fe.protection.inventory.rats.party_hat_2.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.party_hat_2
fe.protection.inventory.rats.party_hat_3.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.party_hat_3
fe.protection.inventory.rats.party_hat_4.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.party_hat_4
fe.protection.inventory.rats.patrol_stick.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.patrol_stick
fe.protection.inventory.rats.piper_hat.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.piper_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.pirat_hat.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.pirat_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plague_doctor_mask.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plague_doctor_mask
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plague_doctorate.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plague_doctorate
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plague_essence.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plague_essence
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plague_leech.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plague_leech
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plague_scythe.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plague_scythe
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plague_stew.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plague_stew
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plague_tome.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plague_tome
fe.protection.inventory.rats.plastic_waste.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.plastic_waste
fe.protection.inventory.rats.potato_kinishes.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.potato_kinishes
fe.protection.inventory.rats.potato_pancake.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.potato_pancake
fe.protection.inventory.rats.purifying_liquid.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.purifying_liquid
fe.protection.inventory.rats.radius_stick.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.radius_stick
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_arrow.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_banner_pattern.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_banner_pattern
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_breeding_lantern.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_breeding_lantern
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_burger.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_burger
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_capture_net.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_capture_net
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_fez.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_fez
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_flute.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_flute
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_black.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_black
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_blue
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_brown.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_brown
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_cyan.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_cyan
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_gray.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_gray
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_green.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_green
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_lime.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_lime
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_magenta.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_magenta
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_orange.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_orange
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_pink.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_pink
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_purple.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_purple
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_red.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_red
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_white.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_white
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_hammock_yellow.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_hammock_yellow
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_black.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_black
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_blue.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_blue
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_brown.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_brown
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_cyan.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_cyan
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_gray.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_gray
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_green.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_green
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_lime.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_lime
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_magenta.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_magenta
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_orange.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_orange
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_pink.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_pink
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_purple.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_purple
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_red.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_red
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_white.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_white
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_igloo_yellow.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_igloo_yellow
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_king_crown.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_king_crown
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_nugget.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_nugget_ore.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_nugget_ore
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_papers.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_papers
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_paw.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_paw
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_pelt.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_pelt
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_sack.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_sack
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_seed_bowl.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_seed_bowl
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_skull.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_skull
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_black.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_black
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_blue.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_blue
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_brown.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_brown
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_cyan.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_cyan
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_gray.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_gray
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_green.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_green
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_light_blue.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_light_blue
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_light_gray.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_light_gray
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_lime.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_lime
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_magenta.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_magenta
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_orange.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_orange
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_pink.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_pink
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_purple.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_purple
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_red.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_red
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_white.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_white
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_tube_yellow.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_tube_yellow
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_angel.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_angel
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_armor.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_armor
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_basic.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_bee.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_bee
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_bow.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_bow
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_chef.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_chef
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_combined.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_creative.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_creative
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_demon.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_demon
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_ender.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_ender
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_flight.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_flight
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_god.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_god
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_health.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_health
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_milker.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_milker
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_miner.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_placer.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_placer
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_platter.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_platter
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_poison.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_poison
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_shears.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_shears
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_speed.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_speed
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_strength.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_strength
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_undead.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_undead
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_water_bottle.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_water_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_wheel.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_wheel
fe.protection.inventory.rats.rat_whistle.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.rat_whistle
fe.protection.inventory.rats.ratbow_essence.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.ratbow_essence
fe.protection.inventory.rats.raw_plastic.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.raw_plastic
fe.protection.inventory.rats.raw_rat.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.raw_rat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.santa_hat.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.santa_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_black_death.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_black_death
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_piper.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_piper
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_rat.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_rat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king
fe.protection.inventory.rats.string_cheese.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.string_cheese
fe.protection.inventory.rats.tangled_rat_tails.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.tangled_rat_tails
fe.protection.inventory.rats.tiny_coin.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.tiny_coin
fe.protection.inventory.rats.token_fragment.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.token_fragment
fe.protection.inventory.rats.token_piece.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.token_piece
fe.protection.inventory.rats.top_hat.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.top_hat
fe.protection.inventory.rats.treacle.*                                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rats.treacle
fe.protection.inventory.rechiseled.chisel.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY rechiseled.item.chisel
fe.protection.inventory.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.creeper_spores.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.creeper_spores
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.griefer_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.griefer_boots
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.griefer_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.griefer_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.griefer_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.griefer_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.mischief_arrow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.mischief_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing
fe.protection.inventory.scuba_gear.scuba_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.scuba_gear.scuba_boots
fe.protection.inventory.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste
fe.protection.inventory.secretroomsmod.switch_probe.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.secretroomsmod.switch_probe
fe.protection.inventory.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles
fe.protection.inventory.sereneseasons.calendar.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.sereneseasons.calendar
fe.protection.inventory.sereneseasons.ss_icon.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.sereneseasons.ss_icon
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.acacia_brigg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.acacia_brigg
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.acacia_cog.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.acacia_cog
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.birch_brigg.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.birch_brigg
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.birch_cog.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.birch_cog
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.cannon_item.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.cannon_item
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.cannonball_item.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.cannonball_item
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.dark_oak_brigg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.dark_oak_brigg
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.dark_oak_cog.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.dark_oak_cog
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.jungle_brigg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.jungle_brigg
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.jungle_cog.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.jungle_cog
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.oak_brigg.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.oak_brigg
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.oak_cog.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.oak_cog
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.sail_item.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.sail_item
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.spruce_brigg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.spruce_brigg
fe.protection.inventory.smallships.spruce_cog.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.smallships.spruce_cog
fe.protection.inventory.solcarrot.food_book.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.solcarrot.food_book
fe.protection.inventory.statues.cup.*                                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.cup
fe.protection.inventory.statues.marshmallow.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.marshmallow
fe.protection.inventory.statues.marshmallow_charred.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.marshmallow_charred
fe.protection.inventory.statues.marshmallow_cooked.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.marshmallow_cooked
fe.protection.inventory.statues.marshmallow_golden.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.marshmallow_golden
fe.protection.inventory.statues.mooshroom_soup.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.mooshroom_soup
fe.protection.inventory.statues.player_compass.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.player_compass
fe.protection.inventory.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.statues.royal_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.royal_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.statues.statue_core.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.statue_core
fe.protection.inventory.statues.tea.*                                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.statues.tea
fe.protection.inventory.steelsdelight.steel_knife.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.steelsdelight.steel_knife
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.drawer_key.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.drawer_key
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.quantify_key
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.shroud_key.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.shroud_key
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgrade_template.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.upgrade_template
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.void_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.void_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.structurize.caliper.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.structurize.caliper
fe.protection.inventory.structurize.sceptergold.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.structurize.sceptergold
fe.protection.inventory.structurize.sceptersteel.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.structurize.sceptersteel
fe.protection.inventory.structurize.sceptertag.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.structurize.sceptertag
fe.protection.inventory.structurize.shapetool.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.structurize.shapetool
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.amethyst_shard.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.amethyst_shard
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.bomb.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.bomb
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.bomb_blue.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.bomb_blue
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.bomb_projectile.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.bomb_projectile
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.candy.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.candy
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.flax.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.flax
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.flint_shard.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.flint_shard
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.flute.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.flute
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.key.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.key
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.pancake_disc.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.pancake_disc
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.rope_arrow.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.rope_arrow
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_aged.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_aged
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_azure.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_azure
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_birch.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_birch
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_blood.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_blood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_charred.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cika.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cika
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_dead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_dream.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_dream
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_elder.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_elder
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_embur.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_embur
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_ether.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_ether
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_fir.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_holly.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_lament.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_lament
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_maple.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_morado.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_morado
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_oak.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_oak
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_olive.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_olive
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_oran.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_oran
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_palm.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_pine.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_poise.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_poise
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_polished.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_polished
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_river.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_river
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_tea.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_tea
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_warped.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_warped
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_white.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_white
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_willow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.slingshot.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.slingshot
fe.protection.inventory.supplementaries.wrench.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.supplementaries.wrench
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bacon.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.bacon
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blank_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blank_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blazing_bone.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blazing_bone
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blood_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blood_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bloodbone.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.bloodbone
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_axe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_blade.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.clear_item_frame.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.clear_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.coin_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.coin_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.copper_can.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.copper_can
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.copper_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.copper_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.copper_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.copper_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.creative_slot.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.creative_slot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.dagger.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.dagger
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.debris_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.debris_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.dragon_scale.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.dragon_scale
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.efln_ball.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.efln_ball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.encyclopedia.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.encyclopedia
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.excavator.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.excavator
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.flint_shuriken.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.flint_shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gear_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gear_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gem_cast.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gem_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.glow_ball.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.glow_ball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gold_item_frame.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gold_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.hammer_head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hand_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.hand_axe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ingot_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ingot_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.jeweled_apple.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.jeweled_apple
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.kama.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.kama
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.large_plate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_plate_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.large_plate_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.magma_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.magma_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.materials_and_you.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.materials_and_you
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.mattock.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.mattock
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.mighty_smelting.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.mighty_smelting
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.necronium_bone.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.necronium_bone
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.necrotic_bone.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.necrotic_bone
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.netherite_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.netherite_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.nugget_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.nugget_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pattern.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pattern
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe_head.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.piggy_backpack.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.piggy_backpack
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.plate_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.plate_boots
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.plate_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.plate_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.plate_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.plate_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.plate_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.plate_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.plate_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.plate_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.puny_smelting.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.puny_smelting
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.repair_kit.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.repair_kit
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rod_cast.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.rod_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scorched_brick.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.scorched_brick
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scythe.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.scythe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.seared_brick.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.seared_brick
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.silky_cloth.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.silky_cloth
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.silky_jewel.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.silky_jewel
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sledge_hammer.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sledge_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.slime_boots
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slime_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.slime_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slime_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.slime_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slime_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.slime_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_axe_head.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_axe_head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_blade.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_blade_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_blade_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.sword
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_binding.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_binding
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_handle.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_handle
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_handle.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tough_handle
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.travelers_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.travelers_boots
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.travelers_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.travelers_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.travelers_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.travelers_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.vein_hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.vein_hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.venom_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.venom_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.wire_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.wire_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_gem.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_gem
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aberythe_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aberythe_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_gem.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_gem
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aboranys_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aboranys_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.abyss_powder.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.abyss_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.abyss_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.abyss_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.anima_dust.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.anima_dust
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.anima_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.anima_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.anti_fear_essence.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.anti_fear_essence
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.anti_infect_essence.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.anti_infect_essence
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.apple_of_immortality.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.apple_of_immortality
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ardor_powder.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ardor_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.areno_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.areno_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.aurel_powder.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.aurel_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bone_sword_item.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bone_sword_item
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.book_icon.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.book_icon
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.broken_bone.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.broken_bone
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.caverna_crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.caverna_crystal
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.caverna_powder.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.caverna_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.clock_of_time.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.clock_of_time
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.cooked_fish.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.cooked_fish
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.creeper_dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.creeper_dust
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.crimson_powder.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.crimson_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.crystal_hand.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.crystal_hand
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.cyanide_theme.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.cyanide_theme
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.deer_beef.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.deer_beef
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.elder_eye.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.elder_eye
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ender_powder.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ender_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.eye_of_abyss.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.eye_of_abyss
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.eyeicon.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.eyeicon
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.eyelie_attack.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.eyelie_attack
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fear_powder.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fear_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fish.*                                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fish
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fixed_bone.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fixed_bone
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.florite_armor_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.florite_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.florite_gem.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.florite_gem
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.frost_powder.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.frost_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.frost_world.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.frost_world
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_hoe.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_shovel.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusion_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusion_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_hoe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_shovel.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.garnite_sword.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.garnite_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.glacerythe_gem.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.glacerythe_gem
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ground_lands.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ground_lands
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.guide_book.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.guide_book
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.hollow_powder.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.hollow_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.icora_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.icora_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.icora_stone.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.icora_stone
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ignisithe_gem.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ignisithe_gem
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ignisithe_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ignisithe_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.immortal_substance.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.immortal_substance
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_gem.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_gem
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_hoe.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.jungle_melon_item.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.jungle_melon_item
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.knight_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.knight_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.knight_hoe.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.knight_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.knight_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.knight_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.knight_pick_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.knight_pick_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.knight_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.knight_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.knight_shovel.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.knight_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.knight_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.knight_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.loran.*                                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.loran
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.loran_energy.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.loran_energy
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.loran_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.loran_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.lurker_juice.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.lurker_juice
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.lurker_sobber.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.lurker_sobber
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.nether_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.nether_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.nightblade_theme.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.nightblade_theme
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.node_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.node_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.nosaj_sword.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.nosaj_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_attack.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_attack
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_essence.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_essence
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_hoe.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_shovel.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_soul_item.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_soul_item
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.phantom_sword.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.phantom_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_curse.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_curse
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_eagle.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_eagle
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_electro.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_electro
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_fangs.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_fangs
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_fart.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_fart
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_fire.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_fire
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_firework.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_firework
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_flight.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_flight
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_freeze.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_freeze
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_home.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_home
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_jugger.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_jugger
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_nature.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_nature
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_ocean.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_ocean
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_reg.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_reg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_ring.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_ring
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_seeker.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_seeker
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_slide.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_slide
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_spectral.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_spectral
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_speed.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_speed
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_teleport.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_teleport
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_thunder.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_thunder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.ring_of_time.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.ring_of_time
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.roka_horn.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.roka_horn
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.rotten_flesh.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.scorpion_eye.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.scorpion_eye
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.shuriken.*                                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.shuriken_explosive.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.shuriken_explosive
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.slime_stage_1.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.slime_stage_1
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.slime_stage_2.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.slime_stage_2
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.slime_stage_3.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.slime_stage_3
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.slime_stage_4.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.slime_stage_4
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.somnium.*                                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.somnium
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.somnium_upgrade.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.somnium_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.soul_heart.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.soul_heart
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.spectral_spawn.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.spectral_spawn
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.storyicon.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.storyicon
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.tenebris_powder.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.tenebris_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.test_tube.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.test_tube
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.test_tube_head.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.test_tube_head
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.the_abyss.*                                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.the_abyss
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.thunder_dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.thunder_dust
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.thunder_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.thunder_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.thunder_stone.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.thunder_stone
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.totem_of_abyss.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.totem_of_abyss
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.totem_of_thunder.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.totem_of_thunder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.totem_of_time.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.totem_of_time
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_hoe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_shovel
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.unorithe_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.unorithe_sword
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.vit_powder.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.vit_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.vitae_dust.*                                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.vitae_dust
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.vitae_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.vitae_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.vitae_stone.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.vitae_stone
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.warped_powder.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.warped_powder
fe.protection.inventory.theabyss.wart_shroom.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.theabyss.wart_shroom
fe.protection.inventory.titles.title_fragment.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.titles.title_fragment
fe.protection.inventory.titles.title_scroll_common.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.titles.title_scroll_common
fe.protection.inventory.titles.title_scroll_rare.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.titles.title_scroll_rare
fe.protection.inventory.titles.title_scroll_uncommon.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.titles.title_scroll_uncommon
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.book.*                                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.book
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.copper_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.copper_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.copper_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.copper_nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.upgrade_blank.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.upgrade_blank
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance
fe.protection.inventory.tmechworks.upgrade_speed.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tmechworks.upgrade_speed
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.hose.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.hose
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.perch.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.perch
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.pike.*                                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.pike
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth
fe.protection.inventory.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying
fe.protection.inventory.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.inventory.watercan.watercan_diamond.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watercan.watercan_diamond
fe.protection.inventory.watercan.watercan_gold.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watercan.watercan_gold
fe.protection.inventory.watercan.watercan_iron.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watercan.watercan_iron
fe.protection.inventory.watercan.watercan_stone.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watercan.watercan_stone
fe.protection.inventory.watercan.watercan_wood.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watercan.watercan_wood
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.coconut_chicken.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.coconut_chicken
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.coconut_piece.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.coconut_piece
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.half_coconut.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.half_coconut
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.leather_water_bag.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.leather_water_bag
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.purified_water_bottle.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.purified_water_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.purified_water_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.purified_water_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.soul_water_bottle.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.soul_water_bottle
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.soul_water_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.soul_water_bucket
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.wooden_cup.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.wooden_cup
fe.protection.inventory.watersource.wooden_cup_drink.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.watersource.wooden_cup_drink
fe.protection.inventory.waterworks.firework_anti_rain.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waterworks.firework_anti_rain
fe.protection.inventory.waterworks.firework_rain.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waterworks.firework_rain
fe.protection.inventory.waterworks.material_controller.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waterworks.material_controller
fe.protection.inventory.waterworks.material_energy_adapter.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waterworks.material_energy_adapter
fe.protection.inventory.waterworks.pipe_wrench.*                                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waterworks.pipe_wrench
fe.protection.inventory.waterworks.waterworks_debugger.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waterworks.waterworks_debugger
fe.protection.inventory.weeping_angels.chisel.*                                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.weeping_angels.chisel
fe.protection.inventory.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator
fe.protection.inventory.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot
fe.protection.inventory.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally
fe.protection.inventory.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails
fe.protection.inventory.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector
fe.protection.inventory.weeping_angels.weeping_angel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.weeping_angels.weeping_angel
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                                                                    # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                                                             # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.adzuki_cake_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.banana_cake_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cookie
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.cherry_cream_soda
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.chocolate_cake_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.cooked_duck_fillet
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.cooked_perch_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.cooked_pike_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.cooked_venison_shanks
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.duck_fillet
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.duck_noodles
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.dune_platter.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.dune_platter
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.escargot.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.escargot
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.maple_cookie
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.maple_glazed_bacon
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.mint_cake_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.mulberry_cookie
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.necromium_knife
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.passion_aloe_nectar
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.passionfruit_glazed_duck
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.perch_slice.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.perch_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.perch_with_mushrooms
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.pickerelweed_juice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.pike_slice.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.pike_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.pike_with_beetroot
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.seared_venison.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.seared_venison
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.silver_knife.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.silver_knife
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.slabdish.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.slabdish
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.strawberry_cake_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.vanilla_cake_slice
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.venison_shanks
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.venison_with_bamboo_shoots
fe.protection.use.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.abnormals_delight.yucca_gateau_slice
fe.protection.use.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.adchimneys.wooden_paintbrush
fe.protection.use.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.additionalenderitems.dragon_charge
fe.protection.use.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.additionalenderitems.ender_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.additionalenderitems.pearl_stack
fe.protection.use.adpother.aerometer.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.adpother.aerometer
fe.protection.use.adpother.diamond_respirator.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.adpother.diamond_respirator
fe.protection.use.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.use.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.adpother.diamond_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.use.adpother.gold_respirator.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.adpother.gold_respirator
fe.protection.use.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.adpother.gold_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.use.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.adpother.gold_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.use.adpother.iron_respirator.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.adpother.iron_respirator
fe.protection.use.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.adpother.iron_vacuum_bag
fe.protection.use.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.adpother.iron_vacuum_tube
fe.protection.use.adpother.polluted_water_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.adpother.polluted_water_bucket
fe.protection.use.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.adventureapparatus.phantom_windbreakers
fe.protection.use.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.adventureapparatus.pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.use.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.adventureapparatus.shulker_bullet_bottle
fe.protection.use.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.adventureapparatus.shuttle_shoes
fe.protection.use.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.adventureapparatus.sticky_pick_on_a_stick
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.acacia_blossom
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.ambergris.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.ambergris
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.ancient_dart.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.ancient_dart
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.animal_dictionary
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.banana.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.banana
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_0
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_australia_1
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_bear
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.banner_pattern_new_mexico
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.bear_fur.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.bear_fur
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.blobfish.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.blobfish
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.blobfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.blood_sac.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.blood_sac
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.blood_sprayer
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.boiled_emu_egg
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.bone_serpent_tooth
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.cachalot_whale_tooth
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.centipede_leg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.centipede_leg
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.centipede_leggings
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.chorus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.cockroach_ootheca
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.cockroach_wing_fragment
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.cooked_kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.cooked_lobster_tail
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.cooked_moose_ribs
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.crocodile_chestplate
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.crocodile_scute
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.dimensional_carver
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.dropbear_claw
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.echolocator.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.echolocator
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.emu_egg.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.emu_egg
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.emu_feather.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.emu_feather
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.emu_leggings.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.emu_leggings
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.enderiophage_rocket
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.endolocator.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.endolocator
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.falconry_glove.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_hand
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.falconry_glove_inventory
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.falconry_hood.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.falconry_hood
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.fedora.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.fedora
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.fish_oil.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.fish_oil
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.frilled_shark_bucket
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.frontier_cap.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.frontier_cap
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.gazelle_horn
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.gongylidia.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.gongylidia
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.guster_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.guster_eye
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.halo.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.halo
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_blaster
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.hemolymph_sac
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_burger
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_hide
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.kangaroo_meat
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.komodo_spit.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.komodo_spit_bottle
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.lava_bottle.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.lava_bottle
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.leafcutter_ant_pupa
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.lobster_bucket
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.lobster_tail.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.lobster_tail
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.maggot.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.maggot
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.maraca.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.maraca
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.mimic_octopus_bucket
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.mimicream.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.mimicream
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.moose_antler.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.moose_antler
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.moose_headgear.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.moose_headgear
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.moose_ribs.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.moose_ribs
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.mosquito_larva
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.mosquito_proboscis
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.music_disc_daze
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.music_disc_thime
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.mysterious_worm
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.platypus_bucket
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.pocket_sand.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.pocket_sand
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.poison_bottle.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.poison_bottle
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.raccoon_tail
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.rattlesnake_rattle
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_boots
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.roadrunner_feather
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.serrated_shark_tooth
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.shark_tooth.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.shark_tooth_arrow
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.shield_of_the_deep
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.shrimp_fried_rice
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.sombrero.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.sombrero
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.sopa_de_macaco
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.soul_heart.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.soul_heart
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_alligator_snapping_turtle
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bald_eagle
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_blobfish
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_bone_serpent
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cachalot_whale
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_capuchin_monkey
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_centipede
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_cockroach
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crimson_mosquito
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crocodile
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_crow
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_dropbear
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_elephant
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_emu
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_endergrade
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_enderiophage
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_fly
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_frilled_shark
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gazelle
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_gorilla
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_grizzly_bear
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_guster
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hammerhead_shark
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_hummingbird
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_kangaroo
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_komodo_dragon
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_leafcutter_ant
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_lobster
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mantis_shrimp
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimic_octopus
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mimicube
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_moose
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_mungus
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_orca
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_platypus
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_raccoon
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_rattlesnake
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_roadrunner
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seagull
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_seal
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_shoebill
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_snow_leopard
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_soul_vulture
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_spectre
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_straddler
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_stradpole
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_sunbird
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tarantula_hawk
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tasmanian_devil
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_tiger
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_void_worm
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_mosco
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spawn_egg_warped_toad
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spiked_scute.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spiked_scute
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.spiked_turtle_shell
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.straddleboard.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.straddleboard
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.straddlite.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.straddlite
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.stradpole_bucket
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.tab_icon.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.tab_icon
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_elytra
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.tarantula_hawk_wing_fragment
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.void_worm_eye
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.void_worm_mandible
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.warped_mixture.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.warped_mixture
fe.protection.use.alexsmobs.warped_muscle.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alexsmobs.warped_muscle
fe.protection.use.alltheores.aluminum_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.aluminum_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.aluminum_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.aluminum_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.aluminum_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.aluminum_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.aluminum_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.aluminum_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.aluminum_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.aluminum_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.copper_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.copper_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.copper_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.copper_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.copper_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.copper_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.copper_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.copper_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.copper_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.copper_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.copper_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.copper_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_aluminum_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_copper_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_lead_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_nickel_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_osmium_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_platinum_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_silver_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_tin_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_uranium_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.dirty_zinc_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.gold_dust.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.gold_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.iron_dust.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.iron_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.lead_clump.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.lead_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.lead_crystal.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.lead_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.lead_dust.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.lead_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.lead_ingot.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.lead_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.lead_nugget.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.lead_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.lead_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.lead_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.use.alltheores.nickel_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.nickel_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.nickel_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.nickel_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.nickel_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.nickel_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.nickel_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.nickel_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.nickel_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.nickel_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.nickel_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.nickel_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.osmium_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.osmium_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.osmium_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.osmium_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.osmium_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.osmium_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.osmium_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.osmium_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.osmium_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.osmium_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.osmium_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.osmium_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.platinum_clump.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.platinum_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.platinum_crystal.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.platinum_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.platinum_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.platinum_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.platinum_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.platinum_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.platinum_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.platinum_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.platinum_shard.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.platinum_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.silver_clump.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.silver_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.silver_crystal.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.silver_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.silver_dust.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.silver_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.silver_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.silver_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.silver_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.silver_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.silver_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.silver_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.tin_clump.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.tin_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.tin_crystal.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.tin_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.tin_dust.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.tin_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.tin_ingot.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.tin_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.tin_nugget.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.tin_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.tin_shard.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.tin_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.uranium_clump.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.uranium_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.uranium_crystal.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.uranium_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.uranium_dust.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.uranium_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.uranium_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.uranium_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.uranium_nugget.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.uranium_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.uranium_shard.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.uranium_shard
fe.protection.use.alltheores.zinc_clump.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.zinc_clump
fe.protection.use.alltheores.zinc_crystal.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.zinc_crystal
fe.protection.use.alltheores.zinc_dust.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.zinc_dust
fe.protection.use.alltheores.zinc_ingot.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.zinc_ingot
fe.protection.use.alltheores.zinc_nugget.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.zinc_nugget
fe.protection.use.alltheores.zinc_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.alltheores.zinc_shard
fe.protection.use.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.antiqueatlas.antique_atlas
fe.protection.use.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.antiqueatlas.empty_antique_atlas
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.acacia_fish_mount
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.algae.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.algae
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.arapaima.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.arapaima
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.arapaima_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.arrau_turtle.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.arrau_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.atlantic_cod.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.atlantic_cod_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.atlantic_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.atlantic_herring.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.atlantic_herring_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.bayad.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.bayad
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.bayad_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.bayad_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.birch_fish_mount
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.blackfish.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.blackfish
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.blackfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.bluegill.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.bluegill
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.bluegill_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.bobber.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.bobber
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.boulti.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.boulti
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.boulti_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.boulti_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.box.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.box
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.box_turtle.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.box_turtle
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.box_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.brown_shrooma.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.brown_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.brown_trout.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.brown_trout
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.brown_trout_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.capitaine.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.capitaine
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.capitaine_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.carp.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.carp
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.carp_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.carp_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.catfish.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.catfish
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.catfish_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.catfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.dark_oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.diamond_fillet_knife
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.diamond_fishing_rod
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.diamond_hook.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.diamond_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.double_hook.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.double_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.driftwood.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.driftwood
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.fish_bones.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.fish_bones
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_cooked
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.fish_fillet_raw
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.fishing_line.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.fishing_line
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.frog.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.frog
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.frog_legs_cooked
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.frog_legs_raw
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.gar.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.gar
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.gar_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.gar_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.gold_fillet_knife
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.gold_fishing_rod
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.gold_hook.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.gold_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.goldfish.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.goldfish
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.heavy_hook.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.heavy_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.iron_fillet_knife
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.iron_fishing_rod
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.iron_hook.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.iron_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.jellyfish.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.jellyfish
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.jungle_fish_mount
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.leech.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.leech
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.light_hook.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.light_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.lockbox.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.lockbox
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.message_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.minnow.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.minnow
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.minnow_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.minnow_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.muskellunge.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.muskellunge
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.muskellunge_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_axe
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_boots
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_bow.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_bow
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_chestplate
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_fillet_knife
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_fishing_rod
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_helmet
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_hoe
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_ingot
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_leggings
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_nugget
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_shovel
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.neptunium_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.neptunium_sword
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.nether_star_hook.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.nether_star_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.note_hook.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.note_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.oak_fish_mount
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.pacific_halibut.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.pacific_halibut_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.perch.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.perch
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.perch_bucket.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.perch_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.pink_salmon.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.pink_salmon
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.pink_salmon_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.piranha.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.piranha
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.piranha_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.pollock.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.pollock
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.pollock_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.pollock_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.rainbow_trout.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.rainbow_trout_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.red_grouper.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.red_grouper
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.red_grouper_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.red_shrooma.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.red_shrooma
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.red_shrooma_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.redstone_hook.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.redstone_hook
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.smallmouth_bass_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.spruce_fish_mount
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.starshell_turtle.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.starshell_turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.stone_fillet_knife
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.sushi.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.sushi
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.synodontis.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.synodontis
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.synodontis_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.tambaqui.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.tambaqui
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.tambaqui_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.tin_can.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.tin_can
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.treasure_chest.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.treasure_chest
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.tuna.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.tuna
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.tuna_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.tuna_bucket
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.turtle_soup.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.turtle_soup
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.wooden_fillet_knife
fe.protection.use.aquaculture.worm.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.aquaculture.worm
fe.protection.use.armorunder.auto_chestplate_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.auw.auto_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.auto_leggings_liner.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.auw.auto_leggings_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.cool_boots_liner.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.auw.cool_boots_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.cool_chestplate_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.auw.cool_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.cool_helmet_liner.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.auw.cool_helmet_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.cool_leggings_liner.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.auw.cool_leggings_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.cool_liner_material.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.auw.cool_liner_material
fe.protection.use.armorunder.cooling_goo.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.auw.cooling_goo
fe.protection.use.armorunder.flipflop_goo.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.auw.flipflop_goo
fe.protection.use.armorunder.flipflop_liner_material.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.auw.flipflop_liner_material
fe.protection.use.armorunder.goopak_cool.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.auw.goopak_cool
fe.protection.use.armorunder.goopak_heat.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.auw.goopak_heat
fe.protection.use.armorunder.goopak_spent.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.auw.goopak_spent
fe.protection.use.armorunder.heating_goo.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.auw.heating_goo
fe.protection.use.armorunder.liner_snips.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.auw.liner_snips
fe.protection.use.armorunder.mod_icon.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.auw.mod_icon
fe.protection.use.armorunder.special_liner_snips.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.auw.special_liner_snips
fe.protection.use.armorunder.warm_boots_liner.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.auw.warm_boots_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.warm_chestplate_liner.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.auw.warm_chestplate_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.warm_helmet_liner.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.auw.warm_helmet_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.warm_leggings_liner.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.auw.warm_leggings_liner
fe.protection.use.armorunder.warm_liner_material.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.auw.warm_liner_material
fe.protection.use.artifacts.antidote_vessel.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.antidote_vessel
fe.protection.use.artifacts.aqua_dashers.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.aqua_dashers
fe.protection.use.artifacts.bunny_hoppers.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.bunny_hoppers
fe.protection.use.artifacts.charm_of_sinking.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.charm_of_sinking
fe.protection.use.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.cloud_in_a_bottle
fe.protection.use.artifacts.cross_necklace.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.cross_necklace
fe.protection.use.artifacts.crystal_heart.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.crystal_heart
fe.protection.use.artifacts.digging_claws.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.digging_claws
fe.protection.use.artifacts.eternal_steak.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.eternal_steak
fe.protection.use.artifacts.everlasting_beef.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.everlasting_beef
fe.protection.use.artifacts.feral_claws.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.feral_claws
fe.protection.use.artifacts.fire_gauntlet.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.fire_gauntlet
fe.protection.use.artifacts.flame_pendant.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.flame_pendant
fe.protection.use.artifacts.flippers.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.flippers
fe.protection.use.artifacts.golden_hook.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.golden_hook
fe.protection.use.artifacts.helium_flamingo.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.helium_flamingo
fe.protection.use.artifacts.kitty_slippers.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.kitty_slippers
fe.protection.use.artifacts.lucky_scarf.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.lucky_scarf
fe.protection.use.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.mimic_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.artifacts.night_vision_goggles.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.night_vision_goggles
fe.protection.use.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.novelty_drinking_hat
fe.protection.use.artifacts.obsidian_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.obsidian_skull
fe.protection.use.artifacts.panic_necklace.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.panic_necklace
fe.protection.use.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.plastic_drinking_hat
fe.protection.use.artifacts.pocket_piston.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.pocket_piston
fe.protection.use.artifacts.power_glove.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.power_glove
fe.protection.use.artifacts.running_shoes.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.running_shoes
fe.protection.use.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.scarf_of_invisibility
fe.protection.use.artifacts.shock_pendant.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.shock_pendant
fe.protection.use.artifacts.snorkel.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.snorkel
fe.protection.use.artifacts.steadfast_spikes.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.steadfast_spikes
fe.protection.use.artifacts.superstitious_hat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.superstitious_hat
fe.protection.use.artifacts.thorn_pendant.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.thorn_pendant
fe.protection.use.artifacts.umbrella.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.umbrella
fe.protection.use.artifacts.universal_attractor.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.universal_attractor
fe.protection.use.artifacts.vampiric_glove.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.vampiric_glove
fe.protection.use.artifacts.villager_hat.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.villager_hat
fe.protection.use.artifacts.whoopee_cushion.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.artifacts.whoopee_cushion
fe.protection.use.astikorcarts.animal_cart.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.astikorcarts.animal_cart
fe.protection.use.astikorcarts.plow.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.astikorcarts.plow
fe.protection.use.astikorcarts.supply_cart.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.astikorcarts.supply_cart
fe.protection.use.astikorcarts.wheel.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.astikorcarts.wheel
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_badger
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_goat
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_jellyfish_cross
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_lamprey
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_octopus
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_shark
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_squirrel
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.advancement_icon_succening
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.antler.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.antler
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.badger_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.barracuda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_black
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_brown
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bear_cape_kermode
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_black
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_brown
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bear_skin_kermode
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.blackbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.blubber.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.blubber
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.boar_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bobbit_worm_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_butterfly
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.bottled_dragonfly
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.brownbear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.butterfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_cooked
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.calamari_raw
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.coyote_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.crab_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_cooked
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.crab_meat_raw
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.dragonfly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.eel_freshwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_cooked
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.eel_meat_raw
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.eel_saltwater_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.feralwolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.flying_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.fried_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.goat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.goatcheese
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.goatmilk
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.golden_goose_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.goose_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoe_crab_blood
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.horseshoecrab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.lammergeier_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.lamprey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.moose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.octopus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.pheasant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantcooked
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.pheasantraw
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.piranha_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.reindeer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.songbird_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.squid_colossal_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.squid_giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.squirrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.tarantula_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_cooked
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_leg_raw
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.turkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.venisoncooked
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.venisonraw
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.walrus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_arctic
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_black
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_brown
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_classic
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_red
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_cape_timber
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_arctic
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_black
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_brown
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_red
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_snowy
fe.protection.use.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betteranimalsplus.wolf_pelt_timber
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_axe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_boots
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_chestplate
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_hammer_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_helmet
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_hoe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_ingot
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_leggings
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_shovel_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_blade
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.aeternium_sword_handle
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.amber_gem.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.amber_gem
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.amber_root_raw.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.amber_root_raw
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.blossom_berry.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.blossom_berry
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.bucket_cubozoa
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.bucket_end_fish
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_cooked
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.chorus_mushroom_raw
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.crystal_shards.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.crystal_shards
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.crystalite_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.crystalite_boots
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.crystalite_chestplate
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.crystalite_helmet
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.crystalite_leggings
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.crystalline_sulphur
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.diamond_hammer.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.diamond_hammer
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.enchanted_petal.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.enchanted_petal
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.end_fish_cooked
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.end_fish_raw.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.end_fish_raw
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.end_lily_leaf_dried
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.ender_dust.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.ender_dust
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.ender_shard.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.ender_shard
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.eternal_crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.eternal_crystal
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.gelatine.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.gelatine
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.glowing_bulb.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.glowing_bulb
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.golden_hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.golden_hammer
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.guidebook.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.guidebook
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.hydralux_petal.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.hydralux_petal
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.iron_hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.iron_hammer
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.leather_stripe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.leather_stripe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.leather_wrapped_stick
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.lumecorn_rod
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.music_disc_endseeker
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.music_disc_eo_dracona
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.music_disc_grasping_at_stars
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.music_disc_strange_and_alien
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.netherite_hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.netherite_hammer
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.raw_amber.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.raw_amber
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_cooked
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_jelly
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.shadow_berry_raw
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.silk_fiber.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.silk_fiber
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_cubozoa
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_dragonfly
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_fish
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_end_slime
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_shadow_walker
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.spawn_egg_silk_moth
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.sweet_berry_jelly
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_axe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_axe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_boots
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_chestplate
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_hammer
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_helmet
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_hoe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_hoe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_ingot
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_leggings
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_nugget.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_nugget
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_shovel_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_sword
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_blade
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.terminite_sword_handle
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_axe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_boots
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_chestplate
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_hammer
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_helmet
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_hoe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_ingot
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_leggings
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_nugget
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_pickaxe_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_shovel_head
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_blade
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.thallasium_sword_handle
fe.protection.use.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.betterendforge.umbrella_cluster_juice
fe.protection.use.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.betterportals.portal_fluid_bucket
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.bop_icon.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.bop_icon
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.cherry_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.dead_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.dead_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.fir_boat.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.fir_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.hellbark_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.magic_boat.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.magic_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.mahogany_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mud_ball.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.mud_ball
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.mud_brick
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.music_disc_wanderer
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.palm_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.palm_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.redwood_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.umbran_boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.willow_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.biomesoplenty.willow_boat
fe.protection.use.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.blockcarpentry.block_entity_debug_item
fe.protection.use.blockcarpentry.chisel.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.blockcarpentry.chisel
fe.protection.use.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.blockcarpentry.explosion_resistance_ball
fe.protection.use.blockcarpentry.hammer.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.blockcarpentry.hammer
fe.protection.use.blockcarpentry.paintbrush.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.blockcarpentry.paintbrush
fe.protection.use.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.blockcarpentry.texture_wrench
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.ai.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.ai
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.anluka_doors
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.armor_plate_from_dark_metal
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_sk_pow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.baby_skkl_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_handle
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.bone_imp_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.bonescaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.bottle_of_magical_energy
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.controlled_baby_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_metal_ingot
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_ritual_dagger
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dark_vortex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.death_totem
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.decaying_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.decrepit_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_shard
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.diamond_thermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.dread_hound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.ethereal_spirit
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.fallen_chaos_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.fire_dust
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.firelight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.great_axofthe_reaper
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.magicskull
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.monster_skin
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_claw
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_scythe
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.nightmare_stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.orbofthe_summoner
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_form_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.phantom_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.pieceofdarkmetal
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.pileof_dark_metal
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.pumpkin_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.restless_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.s_bonescaller_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.scarlet_persecutor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.seared_spirit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.seedof_chaos
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.sharpened_dark_metal_sword
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.shattered_skull
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_bomb_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.skeleton_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.skull_crusher
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.smoked_flesh
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.spiritual_divider
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_blindness
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffof_magic_arrows
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.staffofthe_summoner
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonecaller_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_bonescaller_s_2_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.supreme_measure
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.thread_on_the_bone
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.tridenthayfork
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.wither_strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombiesina_barrel_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_n_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.born_in_chaos_v1.zombieswith_door_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.corpor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_boots
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_helmet
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_leggings
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.gilded_netherite_shield
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.piglin_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.piglin_prisoner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.warped_ender_pearl
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.warped_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.wex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.wither_skeleton_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.wither_waltz_music_disc
fe.protection.use.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.bygonenether.wraither_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.camocreepers.camo_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_base.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_base
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_epic.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_epic
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_excellent.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_excellent
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_good.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_good
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_great.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_great
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_legendary.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_legendary
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_poor.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_poor
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_verygood.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_verygood
fe.protection.use.carrots.barter_token_verypoor.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.carrots.barter_token_verypoor
fe.protection.use.carrots.cowmilk_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.carrots.cowmilk_bucket
fe.protection.use.carrots.experience_bucket.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.carrots.experience_bucket
fe.protection.use.carrots.honey_bucket.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.carrots.honey_bucket
fe.protection.use.carrots.oatmilk_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.carrots.oatmilk_bucket
fe.protection.use.carrots.potable_water_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.carrots.potable_water_bucket
fe.protection.use.carrots.seedoil_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.carrots.seedoil_bucket
fe.protection.use.carrots.squidink_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.carrots.squidink_bucket
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.bit_bag_dyed
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.block_bit
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.chisel_netherite
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.magnifying_glass
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.measuring_tape
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.pattern_multi_use
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.pattern_single_use
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.quill.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.quill
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.sealant.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.sealant
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.unseal.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.unseal
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.wrench.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.chiselsandbits.wrench
fe.protection.use.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.black_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.blue_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.choco_disguise_boots
fe.protection.use.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.choco_disguise_chestplate
fe.protection.use.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.choco_disguise_helmet
fe.protection.use.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.choco_disguise_leggings
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_cooked
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocobo_drumstick_raw
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocobo_feather.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocobo_feather
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocobo_saddle.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_bags
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocobo_saddle_pack
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocobo_whistle.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocobo_whistle
fe.protection.use.chococraft.chocopedia.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.chocopedia
fe.protection.use.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.flame_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.gold_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.gold_gysahl.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.gold_gysahl
fe.protection.use.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.green_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.gysahl_cake.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.gysahl_cake
fe.protection.use.chococraft.gysahl_green.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.gysahl_green
fe.protection.use.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.loverly_gysahl_green
fe.protection.use.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_cooked
fe.protection.use.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.pickled_gysahl_raw
fe.protection.use.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.pink_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.pink_gysahl.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.pink_gysahl
fe.protection.use.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.purple_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.red_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.red_gysahl.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.red_gysahl
fe.protection.use.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.white_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.chococraft.yellow_chocobo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.citadel.citadel_book.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.citadel.citadel_book
fe.protection.use.citadel.debug.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.citadel.debug
fe.protection.use.citadel.effect_item.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.citadel.effect_item
fe.protection.use.citadel.fancy_item.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.citadel.fancy_item
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.chameleon_molt
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.chameleon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.filled_waterskin.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Waterskin
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.fur.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.fur
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.fur_boots.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.fur_boots
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.fur_cap.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.fur_cap
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.fur_pants.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.fur_pants
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.fur_parka.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.fur_parka
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.hoglin_headpiece
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.hoglin_hooves
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.hoglin_trousers
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.hoglin_tunic
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.insulated_minecart
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.minecart_insulation
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.soulspring_lamp
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.thermometer.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.thermometer
fe.protection.use.cold_sweat.waterskin.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.cold_sweat.waterskin
fe.protection.use.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_hat
fe.protection.use.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.conjurer_illager.conjurer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.conjurer_illager.throwable_ball
fe.protection.use.constructionwand.core_angel.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.constructionwand.core_angel
fe.protection.use.constructionwand.core_destruction.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.constructionwand.core_destruction
fe.protection.use.constructionwand.diamond_wand.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.constructionwand.diamond_wand
fe.protection.use.constructionwand.infinity_wand.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.constructionwand.infinity_wand
fe.protection.use.constructionwand.iron_wand.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.constructionwand.iron_wand
fe.protection.use.constructionwand.stone_wand.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.constructionwand.stone_wand
fe.protection.use.coupons.brewing_coupon.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.coupons.brewing_coupon
fe.protection.use.coupons.crafting_coupon.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.coupons.crafting_coupon
fe.protection.use.coupons.experience_coupon.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.coupons.experience_coupon
fe.protection.use.coupons.furnace_coupon.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.coupons.furnace_coupon
fe.protection.use.coupons.loot_coupon.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.coupons.loot_coupon
fe.protection.use.coupons.trading_coupon.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.coupons.trading_coupon
fe.protection.use.curios.amulet.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.curios.amulet
fe.protection.use.curios.crown.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.curios.crown
fe.protection.use.curios.knuckles.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.curios.knuckles
fe.protection.use.curios.ring.*                                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.curios.ring
fe.protection.use.daily_rewards.taken_reward.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.daily_rewards.taken_reward
fe.protection.use.direbats.direbat_fang.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.direbats.direbat_fang
fe.protection.use.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.direbats.direbat_fang_arrow
fe.protection.use.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.direbats.direbat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.anthermite_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.back_pergamine
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.charge_launcher
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.cooked_kraken
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.crawler_boots
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.crawler_chestplate
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.crawler_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.crawler_helmet
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.crawler_leggins
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.crow_egg.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.crow_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.deadhound_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.deserted_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.golden_bone.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.golden_bone
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.guard_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.guard_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.haunter_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.home_gem.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.home_gem
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.ironslime_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.king_crown.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.king_crown
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.king_egg.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.king_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.kraken_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.kraken_tentacle
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.leech_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.leech_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.lordskeleton_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.mimic_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_1
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.music_disc_2
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.notehead_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.ore_detector.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.ore_detector
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.pice_egg.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.pice_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.piranha_bucket
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.piranha_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.pitcher_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.potion_straw.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.potion_straw
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.rogue_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.sand_bucket
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.scientist_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.slimewolf_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.slimond_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.soul_bottle
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.sun_egg.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.sun_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.sun_overdrive
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.translatable_book.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.translatable_book
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.unstable_map.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.unstable_map
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.void_tome.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.void_tome
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.voidmaster_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.whirlwind_egg
fe.protection.use.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.dungeonsmod.winterhunter_egg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.bone_spider_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.bouldering_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.cluckshroom_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.horn.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.horn
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.horned_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.jolly_llama_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.lobber_zombie_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.moobloom_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.mud_bucket
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.rainbow_sheep_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.smelly_egg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.viler_witch_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.earthmobsmod.wooly_cow_spawnegg
fe.protection.use.eccentrictome.tome.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.eccentrictome.tome
fe.protection.use.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.black_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.bolloom_balloon.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.bolloom_fruit.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.bolloom_fruit
fe.protection.use.endergetic.booflo_hide.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.booflo_hide
fe.protection.use.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.booflo_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.endergetic.booflo_vest.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.booflo_vest
fe.protection.use.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.brown_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.cyan_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.eumus_brick.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.eumus_brick
fe.protection.use.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.green_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.light_blue_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.light_gray_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.lime_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.magenta_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.music_disc_kilobyte
fe.protection.use.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.orange_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.pink_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.poise_boat.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.poise_boat
fe.protection.use.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.puff_bug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.endergetic.puffbug_bottle.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.puffbug_bottle
fe.protection.use.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.purple_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.red_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.white_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.endergetic.yellow_bolloom_balloon
fe.protection.use.endrem.black_eye.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.endrem.black_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.cold_eye.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.endrem.cold_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.corrupted_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.endrem.corrupted_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_axe
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_boots.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_boots
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_chestplate
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_fragment.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_fragment
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_helmet.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_helmet
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_hoe
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_ingot.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_ingot
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_leggings.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_leggings
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_shovel
fe.protection.use.endrem.end_crystal_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.endrem.end_crystal_sword
fe.protection.use.endrem.guardian_eye.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.endrem.guardian_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.lost_eye.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.endrem.lost_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.magical_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.endrem.magical_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.nether_eye.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.endrem.nether_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.old_eye.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.endrem.old_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.rogue_eye.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.endrem.rogue_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.witch_eye.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.endrem.witch_eye
fe.protection.use.endrem.witch_pupil.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.endrem.witch_pupil
fe.protection.use.endrem.wither_eye.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.endrem.wither_eye
fe.protection.use.engineersdecor.metal_bar.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.engineersdecor.metal_bar
fe.protection.use.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.acacia_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.acacia_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.aspen_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.aspen_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.bamboo_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.bamboo_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.birch_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.birch_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.birch_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.brown_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.crimson_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.crimson_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.dark_oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.dark_oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.dead_chest_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.dead_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.dead_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.driftwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.driftwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.env_cherry_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.env_cherry_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.env_willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.env_willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.fir_chest_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.fir_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.fir_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.glowshroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.glowshroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.grimwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.grimwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.hellbark_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.hellbark_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.jacaranda_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.jacaranda_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.jungle_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.jungle_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.kousa_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.kousa_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_acacia_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_acacia_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_aspen_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_aspen_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_bamboo_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_birch_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_birch_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_brown_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_cherry_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_cherry_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_crimson_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_crimson_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_dead_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_dead_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_driftwood_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_env_cherry_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_env_willow_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_fir_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_fir_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_glowshroom_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_grimwood_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_hellbark_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_jacaranda_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_jungle_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_jungle_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_kousa_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_kousa_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_magic_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_magic_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_mahogany_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_maple_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_maple_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_morado_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_morado_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_oak_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_oak_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_palm_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_palm_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_poise_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_poise_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_red_mushroom_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_redwood_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_redwood_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_river_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_river_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_rosewood_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_sakura_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_sakura_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_spruce_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_spruce_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_umbran_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_umbran_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_warped_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_warped_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_willow_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_willow_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_wisteria_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.large_yucca_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.large_yucca_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.magic_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.magic_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.magic_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.mahogany_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.mahogany_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.maple_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.maple_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.maple_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.morado_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.morado_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.morado_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.oak_chest_boat.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.oak_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.oak_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.palm_chest_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.palm_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.palm_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.poise_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.poise_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.poise_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.red_mushroom_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.red_mushroom_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.redwood_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.redwood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.river_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.river_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.river_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.river_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.rosewood_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.rosewood_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.sakura_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.sakura_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.spruce_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.spruce_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.umbran_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.umbran_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.warped_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.warped_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.warped_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.willow_chest_boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.willow_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.willow_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.wisteria_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.wisteria_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.yucca_chest_boat
fe.protection.use.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.extraboats.yucca_furnace_boat
fe.protection.use.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.eyesinthedarkness.eyes_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.apple_cider.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.apple_cider
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.apple_pie_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.bacon.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.bacon
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.bacon_and_eggs
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.bacon_sandwich
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.baked_cod_stew
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.barbecue_stick
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.beef_patty.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.beef_patty
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.beef_stew.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.beef_stew
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cabbage.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cabbage
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cabbage_leaf
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cabbage_rolls
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cake_slice.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cake_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.canvas.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.canvas
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.chicken_cuts
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.chicken_sandwich
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.chicken_soup.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.chicken_soup
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.chocolate_pie_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cod_slice.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cod_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cooked_bacon
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cooked_chicken_cuts
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cooked_cod_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cooked_mutton_chops
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cooked_rice.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cooked_rice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.cooked_salmon_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.diamond_knife.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.diamond_knife
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.dog_food.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.dog_food
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.dumplings.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.dumplings
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.egg_sandwich
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.fish_stew.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.fish_stew
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.flint_knife.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.flint_knife
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.fried_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.fried_egg
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.fried_rice.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.fried_rice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.fruit_salad.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.fruit_salad
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.golden_knife.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.golden_knife
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.grilled_salmon
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.ham.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.ham
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.hamburger.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.hamburger
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.honey_cookie.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.honey_cookie
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.honey_glazed_ham
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.horse_feed.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.horse_feed
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.hot_cocoa
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.iron_knife.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.iron_knife
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.melon_juice.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.melon_juice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.melon_popsicle
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.milk_bottle.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.milk_bottle
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.minced_beef.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.minced_beef
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.mixed_salad.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.mixed_salad
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.mutton_chops.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.mutton_chops
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.mutton_wrap
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.nether_salad.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.nether_salad
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.netherite_knife.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.netherite_knife
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.noodle_soup.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.noodle_soup
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_meatballs
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.pasta_with_mutton_chop
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.pie_crust.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.pie_crust
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.pumpkin_soup
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.ratatouille.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.ratatouille
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.raw_pasta.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.raw_pasta
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.rice_panicle.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.rice_panicle
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.roast_chicken.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.roast_chicken
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.roasted_mutton_chops
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.rotten_tomato
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.salmon_slice.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.salmon_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.shepherds_pie
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.smoked_ham.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.smoked_ham
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.squid_ink_pasta
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.steak_and_potatoes
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.straw.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.straw
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.stuffed_potato
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.stuffed_pumpkin
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cheesecake_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.sweet_berry_cookie
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.tomato.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.tomato
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.tomato_sauce
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.tree_bark.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.tree_bark
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.vegetable_noodles
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.vegetable_soup
fe.protection.use.farmersdelight.wheat_dough.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.farmersdelight.wheat_dough
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.black_cod.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.black_cod
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.black_tea.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.black_tea
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.black_tea_leaves
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.blazing_chili.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.blazing_chili
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.coffee.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.coffee
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.coffee_berries.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.coffee_berries
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.coffee_cake_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.dandelion_tea
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.green_tea.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.green_tea
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.green_tea_cookie
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.green_tea_leaves
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.nether_wart_sourdough
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.purulent_tea.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.purulent_tea
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_pie_slice
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.rose_hip_tea
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.rose_hips.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.rose_hips
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.tea_curry.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.tea_curry
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.yellow_tea.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea
fe.protection.use.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.farmersrespite.yellow_tea_leaves
fe.protection.use.ftblibrary.fluid_container.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ftblibrary.fluid_container
fe.protection.use.ftbquests.book.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.ftbquests.book
fe.protection.use.ftbquests.custom_icon.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.ftbquests.custom_icon
fe.protection.use.ftbquests.lootcrate.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.ftbquests.lootcrate
fe.protection.use.ftbquests.missing_item.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ftbquests.missing_item
fe.protection.use.gates.frequency_changer.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.gates.frequency_changer
fe.protection.use.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.gates.portable_redstone_transmitter
fe.protection.use.gates.redstone_torch_pearl.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.gates.redstone_torch_pearl
fe.protection.use.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.goblintraders.goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.goblintraders.vein_goblin_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.baby_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_axe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_boots
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_chestplate
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_helmet
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_hoe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_ingot
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_leggings
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_shovel
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.candy_sword
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.giant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.gummy_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.herobrine_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.lolipop.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.lolipop
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.luxurious_soup
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.necrotic_extract
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.necrum.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.necrum
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_axe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_hoe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_shovel
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.necrum_sword
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_axe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_boots
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_chestplate
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_gem
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_helmet
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_hoe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_leggings
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_shovel
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.negatite_sword
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_axe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_boots
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_chestplate
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_gem
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_helmet
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_hoe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_leggings
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_shovel
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.positite_sword
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.powdered_sugar
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_axe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_berries
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_boots
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_chestplate
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_helmet
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_hoe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_ingot
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_leggings
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_shovel
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.rainbow_sword
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.tormenter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.unicorn_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.wretched_soup
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_axe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_boots
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_chestplate
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_helmet
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_hoe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_ingot
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_leggings
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_shovel
fe.protection.use.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.good_nights_sleep.zitrite_sword
fe.protection.use.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.guardvillagers.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.guardvillagers.illusioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.guardvillagers.iron_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.guardvillagers.snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.hardcore_torches.animal_fat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.hardcore_torches.animal_fat
fe.protection.use.hardcore_torches.oil_can.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.hardcore_torches.oil_can
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.ambrosia.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.ambrosia
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.amphithere_arrow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.amphithere_feather.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.amphithere_feather
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.amphithere_macuahuitl
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.amphithere_skull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.amphithere_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.amythest_gem.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.amythest_gem
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_amythest_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_amythest_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_amythest_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_amythest_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_black_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_black_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_black_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_black_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_blue_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_blue_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_blue_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_blue_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_bronze_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_bronze_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_bronze_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_bronze_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_copper_metal_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_electric_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_electric_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_electric_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_electric_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_gray_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_gray_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_gray_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_gray_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_green_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_green_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_green_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_green_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_red_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_red_chestplate.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_red_helmet.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_red_leggings.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_sapphire_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.armor_silver_metal_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_white_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_white_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_white_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.armor_white_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_amphithere
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_bird
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_dread
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_eye
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fae
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_feather
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_fire_head
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_gorgon
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippocampus
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_hippogryph_head
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_ice_head
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_lightning_head
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_mermaid
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_sea_serpent
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_troll
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.banner_pattern_weezer
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.bestiary.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.bestiary
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.blindfold.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.blindfold
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.cannoli.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.cannoli
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.chain.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.chain
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.chain_sticky.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.chain_sticky
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.cockatrice_eye
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.cockatrice_scepter
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.cockatrice_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.copper_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.copper_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.copper_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.copper_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.copper_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.copper_ingot
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.copper_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.copper_nugget
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.copper_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.copper_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.copper_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.copper_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.copper_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.creative_dragon_meal
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.cyclops_eye.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.cyclops_eye
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.cyclops_skull.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.cyclops_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_red
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_white
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_chitin_yellow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_egg_giant
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_red
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_white
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_gauntlet_yellow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_red_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_tounge
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_white_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.deathworm_yellow_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.diamond_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_debug_stick
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_flute.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_flute
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_horn.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_horn
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_meal.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_meal
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_skull_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragon_stick.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragon_stick
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_body.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_head.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_neck.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper_tail.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_copper
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_body.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_head.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_neck.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond_tail.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_diamond
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_body.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_head.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_neck.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire_tail.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_body.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_head.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_neck.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice_tail.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_body.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_head.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_neck.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning_tail.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_dragonsteel_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_body.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_head.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_neck.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold_tail.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_gold
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_body.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_head.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_neck.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron_tail.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_iron
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_body.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_head.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_neck.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver_tail.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonarmor_silver
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_arrow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_bow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonbone_sword_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_amythest.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_black.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_blue.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_bronze.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_copper.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_electric.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_gray.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_green.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_red.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_sapphire.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_silver.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonegg_white.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonegg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_amythest.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_black.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_blue.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_bronze.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_copper.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_electric.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_gray.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_green.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_red.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_sapphire.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_silver.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonscales_white.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonscales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_ingot
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_fire_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_ingot
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_ice_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_ingot
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dragonsteel_lightning_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dread_key.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dread_key
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dread_knight_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dread_queen_staff
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dread_queen_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dread_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dread_shard
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.dread_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.dread_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.earplugs.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.earplugs
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.ectoplasm.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.ectoplasm
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_blood
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.fire_dragon_heart
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.fire_stew.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.fire_stew
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.fishing_spear.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.fishing_spear
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.forest_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.frost_stew.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.frost_stew
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.frost_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.ghost_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.ghost_ingot
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.ghost_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.ghost_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.gold_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.gorgon_head.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.gorgon_head
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hippocampus_fin
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hippocampus_slapper
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hippogryph_egg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hippogryph_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hippogryph_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hippogryph_talon
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hydra_arrow.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hydra_arrow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hydra_fang.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hydra_fang
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hydra_heart.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hydra_heart
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.hydra_skull.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.hydra_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_blood
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.ice_dragon_heart
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.iron_hippogryph_armor
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.lich_staff.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.lich_staff
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_blood
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_flesh
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.lightning_dragon_heart
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.lightning_stew.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.lightning_stew
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.manuscript.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.manuscript
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.mountain_troll_leather_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_chitin
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_egg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_resin
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_staff
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_swarm
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_desert_sword_venom
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_chitin
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_egg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_resin
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_staff
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_swarm
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_jungle_sword_venom
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.myrmex_stinger
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.pixie_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.pixie_dust
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.pixie_wand.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.pixie_wand
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.pixie_wings.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.pixie_wings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.rotten_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.rotten_egg
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sapphire_gem.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sapphire_gem
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_arrow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_fang
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_blue
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_bronze
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_deepblue
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_green
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_purple
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_red
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_scales_teal
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.seaserpent_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sheep_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sheep_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sheep_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sheep_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sheep_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sheep_leggings.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sheep_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.shiny_scales.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.shiny_scales
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sickly_dragon_meal
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.silver_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.silver_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.silver_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.silver_hoe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.silver_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.silver_ingot
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.silver_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.silver_nugget
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.silver_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.silver_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.silver_shovel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.silver_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.silver_sword
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.siren_flute.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.siren_flute
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.siren_tear.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.siren_tear
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_amphithere
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cockatrice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_cyclops
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_death_worm
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_beast
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_ghoul
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_horse
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_knight
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_scuttler
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_dread_thrall
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_fire_dragon
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ghost
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_gorgon
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippocampus
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hippogryph
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_hydra
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_ice_dragon
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lich
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_lightning_dragon
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_queen
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_royal
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_sentinel
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_soldier
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_myrmex_worker
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_pixie
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_sea_serpent
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_siren
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_stymphalian_bird
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.spawn_egg_troll
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.stone_statue.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.stone_statue
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.stymphalian_arrow
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_dagger
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.stymphalian_bird_feather
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.stymphalian_feather_bundle
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.stymphalian_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_fire
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_ice
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.summoning_crystal_lightning
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_blue_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_blue_chestplate.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_blue_helmet.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_blue_leggings.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_bronze_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_bronze_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_bronze_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_bronze_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_deepblue_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_green_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_green_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_green_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_green_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_purple_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_purple_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_purple_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_purple_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_red_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_red_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_red_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_red_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_teal_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_boots
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_teal_chestplate.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_chestplate
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_teal_helmet.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_helmet
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_teal_leggings.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.sea_serpent_leggings
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_trident.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.tide_trident
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.tide_trident_inventory
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_leather_forest
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_leather_frost
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_leather_mountain
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_skull.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_skull
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_tusk.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_tusk
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_axe
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_forest
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_column_frost
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_hammer
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.troll_weapon_trunk_frost
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.weezer_blue_album
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.wither_shard.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.wither_shard
fe.protection.use.iceandfire.witherbone.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.iceandfire.witherbone
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.bamboo_slice
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.clean_spider_shank
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.cooked_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.curry_base.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.curry_base
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.diced_onion.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.diced_onion
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_cubes
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.fried_potato_slice
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.monster_tuft.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.monster_tuft
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.potato_cubes.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.potato_cubes
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.potato_slice.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.potato_slice
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.pyttipanna.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.pyttipanna
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_cutlet
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.raw_spider_shank
fe.protection.use.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersivecooking.smoked_spider_shank
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_chest
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_feet
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_head
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_faraday_legs
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_piercing
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_chest
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_feet
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_head
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.armor_steel_legs
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.axe_steel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.axe_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_bevels
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_hammer
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_ornate
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_treated_wood
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_windmill
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_l
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.bannerpattern_wolf_r
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.biodiesel_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.blueprint.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.blueprint
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.buckshot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.buckshot
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.buzzsaw
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.casull.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.casull
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.chemthrower.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.chemthrower
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.circuit_board.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.circuit_board
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.coal_coke.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.coal_coke
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.component_iron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.component_iron
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.component_steel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.component_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.concrete_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.coresample.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.coresample
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.creosote_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dragons_breath
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.drill.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.drill
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_iron
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.drillhead_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_aluminum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_coke.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_coke
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_constantan
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_copper.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_copper
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_electrum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_gold.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_gold
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_hop_graphite
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_iron.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_iron
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_lead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_lead
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_nickel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_saltpeter
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_silver.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_silver
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_steel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_sulfur
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_uranium
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.dust_wood.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.dust_wood
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.earmuffs.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.earmuffs
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.electron_tube.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.electron_tube
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.empty_casing.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.empty_casing
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.empty_shell.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.empty_shell
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ethanol_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_birthday
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_drillbreak
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_lucky
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.fake_icon_ravenholm
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.firework.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.firework
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.flare.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.flare
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.fluorescent_tube
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.graphite_electrode
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_barrel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_drum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.gunpart_hammer
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.hammer.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.hammer
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.he.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.he
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fabric
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.hemp_fiber
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.herbicide_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.hoe_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.homing.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.homing
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_aluminum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_constantan
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_copper
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_electrum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_hop_graphite
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_lead
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_nickel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_silver
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.ingot_uranium
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.jerrycan.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.jerrycan
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.logic_circuit
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.maintenance_kit
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.manual.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.manual
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.minecart_metalbarrel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.minecart_reinforcedcrate
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodenbarrel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.minecart_woodencrate
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_bullet_casing
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_gear.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_gear
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_4
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_packing_9
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_plate.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_plate
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_rod.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_rod
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_unpacking
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.mold_wire.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.mold_wire
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_aluminum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_constantan
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_copper
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_electrum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_lead
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_nickel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_silver
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.nugget_uranium
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.pickaxe_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plantoil_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_aluminum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_constantan
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_copper.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_copper
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_electrum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_gold.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_gold
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_iron.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_iron
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_lead.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_lead
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_nickel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_silver.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_silver
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.plate_uranium
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.potion.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.potion
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.potion_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.powerpack.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.powerpack
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.railgun.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.railgun
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.revolver.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.revolver
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.rockcutter.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.rockcutter
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.sawblade.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.sawblade
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.screwdriver.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.screwdriver
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shader.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shader
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_common.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_epic.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_ie_masterwork.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_rare.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shader_bag_uncommon.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shader_bag
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shield.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shield
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.shovel_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.silver.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.silver
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.skyhook.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.skyhook
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.slag.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.slag
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.speedloader.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.speedloader
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.stick_aluminum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.stick_iron.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.stick_iron
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.stick_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.stick_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.stick_treated.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.stick_treated
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.survey_tools.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.survey_tools
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.sword_steel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.sword_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolbox.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolbox
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_buzzsaw_spareblades
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_focus
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank.*                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_chemthrower_multitank
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_capacity
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_damage
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_lube
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_drill_waterproof
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_capacitors
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_railgun_scope
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_bayonet
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_electro
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_revolver_magazine
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_flash
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_magnet
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.toolupgrade_shield_shock
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.voltmeter.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.voltmeter
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.waterwheel_segment
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.windmill_blade
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.windmill_sail
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wire_aluminum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wire_copper.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wire_copper
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wire_electrum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wire_lead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wire_lead
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wire_steel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wire_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_copper_ins
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_electrum_ins
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_redstone
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_rope
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecoil_structure_steel
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wirecutter.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wirecutter
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wolfpack.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wolfpack
fe.protection.use.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiveengineering.wooden_grip
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.bitumen.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.bitumen
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.debug.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.debug
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.diesel_sulfur_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.gasoline_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.lubricant_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.napalm_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.oil_bucket
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.oil_can.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.oil_can
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.petcoke.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.petcoke_dust
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.projector.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.projector
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.speedboat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.speedboat
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_icebreaker
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_paddles
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_reinforced_hull
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_rudders
fe.protection.use.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersivepetroleum.upgrade_tank
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_constantan.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_constantan
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_copper.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_copper
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_electrum.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_electrum
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_gold.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_gold
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_lead.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_lead
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_nickel.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_nickel
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_silver.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_silver
fe.protection.use.immersiveposts.stick_uranium.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersiveposts.stick_uranium
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_augment.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_augment
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_cast_rail
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_conductor_whistle
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_golden_spike
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_hook.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_hook
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_large_wrench
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_manual.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_manual
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_paint_brush
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_plate.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_plate
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_radio_control_card
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_rail.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_rail
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_rail_part
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_rolling_stock_component
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_switch_key
fe.protection.use.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.immersiverailroading.item_track_exchanger
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.copper_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.copper_to_silver_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.diamond_to_crystal_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.diamond_to_obsidian_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.gold_to_diamond_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.iron_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.silver_to_gold_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.wood_to_copper_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.ironchest.wood_to_iron_chest_upgrade
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.always_false.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.always_false
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.always_true.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.always_true
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.and.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.and
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.block.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.block
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.custom.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.custom
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.damage.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.damage
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.id_regex.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.id_regex
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.item_group.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.item_group
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.max_count.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.max_count
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.mod.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.mod
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.not.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.not
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.or.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.or
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.strong_nbt.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.strong_nbt
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.tag.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.tag
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.weak_nbt.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.weak_nbt
fe.protection.use.itemfilters.xor.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.itemfilters.xor
fe.protection.use.locksmith.blank_key.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.locksmith.blank_key
fe.protection.use.locksmith.blank_lock.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.locksmith.blank_lock
fe.protection.use.locksmith.blank_lock_button.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.locksmith.blank_lock_button
fe.protection.use.locksmith.key.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.locksmith.key
fe.protection.use.locksmith.keyring.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.locksmith.keyring
fe.protection.use.locksmith.lock.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.locksmith.lock
fe.protection.use.locksmith.lockpick.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.locksmith.lockpick
fe.protection.use.manure.manure.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.manure.manure
fe.protection.use.mcwbridges.pliers.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mcwbridges.pliers
fe.protection.use.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.mcwbridgesabnormals.logo
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_acacia.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_acacia
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_birch.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_birch
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_dark_oak
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_jungle.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_jungle
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_mystic.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_nether.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_nether
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_oak.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_oak
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_spruce.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_spruce
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_swamp.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.use.mcwdoors.print_waffle.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mcwdoors.print_waffle
fe.protection.use.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_door
fe.protection.use.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.mcwfurnitures.cabinet_drawer
fe.protection.use.mcwroofs.rain_gutter.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.mcwroofs.rain_gutter
fe.protection.use.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mcwroofs.roofing_hammer
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_bamboo
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_barred
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_beach
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_blossom
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_classic
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_cottage
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_four_panel
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_mystic
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_paper
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_swamp
fe.protection.use.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mcwtrpdoors.print_tropical
fe.protection.use.mcwwindows.hammer.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mcwwindows.hammer
fe.protection.use.mcwwindows.key.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mcwwindows.key
fe.protection.use.mcwwindows.window_base.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.mcwwindows.window_base
fe.protection.use.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mcwwindows.window_centre_bar_base
fe.protection.use.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.mcwwindows.window_half_bar_base
fe.protection.use.measurements.tape_measure.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.measurements.tape_measure
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.acacia_boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.air.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE block.minecraft.air
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.armor_stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.baked_potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bee_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.beetroot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.beetroot_soup
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.birch_boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.black_dye.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.black_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.blaze_powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.blaze_rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.blaze_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blue_dye.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.blue_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone_meal.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bone_meal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brown_dye.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.brown_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cave_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chainmail_boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chainmail_helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chainmail_leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.charcoal.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.charcoal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chest_minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chicken_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.chorus_fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.clay_ball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cod.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cod_bucket.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cod_bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cod_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.command_block_minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cooked_beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cooked_chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_cod.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cooked_cod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cooked_mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cooked_porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cooked_rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_salmon.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cooked_salmon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.creeper_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.crossbow.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.crossbow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cyan_dye.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.cyan_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.dark_oak_boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.debug_stick.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.debug_stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.diamond_sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.dolphin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.donkey_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.dragon_breath
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dried_kelp.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.dried_kelp
fe.protection.use.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.drowned_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.elder_guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.elytra.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.elytra
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.enchanted_book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.enchanted_golden_apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.end_crystal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.ender_eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.ender_pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.endermite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.evoker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.experience_bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.filled_map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.fire_charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_rocket.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.firework_rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_star.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.firework_star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.fishing_rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.flint_and_steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.flower_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.furnace_minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.ghast_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.ghast_tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.glass_bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.glistering_melon_slice
fe.protection.use.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.globe_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.glowstone_dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.gold_ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.gold_nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_horse_armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.golden_sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gray_dye.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.gray_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.green_dye.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.green_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.guardian_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.heart_of_the_sea
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.hoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.honey_bottle.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.honey_bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.honeycomb.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.honeycomb
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.hopper_minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.husk_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ink_sac.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.ink_sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_horse_armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.iron_sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.item_frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.jungle_boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.knowledge_book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lapis_lazuli.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.lapis_lazuli
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.lava_bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.leather_boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.leather_chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.leather_helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_horse_armor.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.leather_horse_armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.leather_leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.light_blue_dye.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.light_blue_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.light_gray_dye.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.light_gray_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lime_dye.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.lime_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.lingering_potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magenta_dye.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.magenta_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.magma_cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.magma_cube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_slice.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.melon_slice
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.milk_bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.mojang_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.mooshroom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.mule_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.mushroom_stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_11.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_11
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_13.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_13
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_blocks.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_blocks
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_cat.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_cat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_chirp.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_chirp
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_far.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_far
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_mall.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_mall
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_mellohi
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_pigstep
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_stal.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_stal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_strad.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_strad
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_wait.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_wait
fe.protection.use.minecraft.music_disc_ward.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.music_disc_ward
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mutton.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.name_tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nautilus_shell.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.nautilus_shell
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.nether_brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.nether_star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_hoe.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_scrap.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_scrap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_shovel.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherite_sword.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.netherite_sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.oak_boat.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.oak_boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.ocelot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.orange_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.orange_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.panda_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.parrot_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.phantom_membrane.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.phantom_membrane
fe.protection.use.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.piglin_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.piglin_brute_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.pillager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pink_dye.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.pink_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.poisonous_potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.polar_bear_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.popped_chorus_fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.prismarine_crystals
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.prismarine_shard
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pufferfish.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.pufferfish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.pufferfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.pufferfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.pumpkin_pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.purple_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.purple_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.rabbit_foot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.rabbit_hide
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.rabbit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.rabbit_stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.ravager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.red_dye.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.red_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.salmon.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.salmon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.salmon_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.salmon_bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.salmon_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.scute.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.scute
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.sheep_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shield.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.shield
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.shulker_shell
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.shulker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.silverfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.skeleton_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.skull_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.slime_ball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.spectral_arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.spider_eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.splash_potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.spruce_boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.stone_axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.stone_hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.stone_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.stone_shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.stone_sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.stray_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.strider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.suspicious_stew.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.suspicious_stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.tipped_arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.tnt_minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.totem_of_undying
fe.protection.use.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.trader_llama_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.trident.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.trident
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tropical_fish.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.tropical_fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.tropical_fish_bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.tropical_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.turtle_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.turtle_helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.turtle_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.vex_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.vindicator_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wandering_trader_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.warped_fungus_on_a_stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.water_bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.white_dye.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.white_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.witch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wither_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wooden_axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wooden_hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wooden_shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.wooden_sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.writable_book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.written_book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.yellow_dye.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.yellow_dye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.zoglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.zombie_horse_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.zombie_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.minecraft.zombified_piglin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mobcatcher.net.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mobcatcher.net
fe.protection.use.mobcatcher.net_launcher.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mobcatcher.net_launcher
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barako_mask.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barako_mask
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barako_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_bliss
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_faith
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fear
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_fury
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_misery
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_mask_rage
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoa_sunblocker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.barakoana_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.blowgun.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.blowgun
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.captured_grottol
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.dart.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.dart
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.earth_talisman
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.earthbore_gauntlet
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_seed
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.foliaath_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.frostmaw_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.glowing_jelly
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.grant_suns_blessing
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.grottol_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.ice_crystal
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.lantern_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.logo.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.logo
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.mob_remover.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.mob_remover
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.music_disc_petiole
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.naga_fang.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.naga_fang_dagger
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.naga_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.spear.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.spear
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.sunblock_staff
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.wrought_axe
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.wrought_helmet
fe.protection.use.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mowziesmobs.wroughtnaut_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.chemical_x.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.chemical_x
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.creeper_minion_tracker
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.creeper_shard
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.endersoul_hand
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.hulk_hammer
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_enderman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_arms
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_boots
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_chestplate
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_leggings
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_limb
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_pelvis
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_rib_cage
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_shoulder_pad
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_snow_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.mutant_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.mutantbeasts.spider_pig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.naturescompass.naturescompass
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.grilled_strider.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.grilled_strider
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.ground_strider.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.ground_strider
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.hoglin_ear
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.hoglin_hide
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.hoglin_loin
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.hoglin_sirloin
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.magma_gelatin
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.nether_skewer.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.nether_skewer
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.propelpearl.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.propelpearl
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.raw_stuffed_hoglin
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_ham
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.roast_hoglin_snout
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.strider_moss_stew
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.strider_slice.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.strider_slice
fe.protection.use.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.nethers_delight.warped_moldy_meat
fe.protection.use.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.nomowanderer.no_mo_wanderer_totem
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.anglerfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.bathosphere.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.bathosphere
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.chimaera_sting
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_record
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.coelacanth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.cooked_isopod
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.cooked_mudskipper
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.cooked_squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.crab_leg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.crab_leg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.deep_sea_fish_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.ghost_shark_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.horseshoe_crab_thorax
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.isopod_land_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_fin
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.mudskipper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.raw_anglerfish
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.raw_coelacanth
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.raw_ghost_shark
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.raw_isopod
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.raw_mudskipper
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.raw_seapig
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.seapig_record.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.seapig_record
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.seapig_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.spider_crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_tail
fe.protection.use.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.oddwatermobs.squat_lobster_variants_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.outer_end.azure_boat.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.azure_boat
fe.protection.use.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.chorus_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.cobalt_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.cooked_stalker_meat
fe.protection.use.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.entombed_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.outer_end.floral_paste.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.floral_paste
fe.protection.use.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.himmelite_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.mint_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.music_disc_galactic_wave
fe.protection.use.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.music_disc_unknown_frontier
fe.protection.use.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.purpur_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.rose_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.spectrafly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.outer_end.spectragel.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.spectragel
fe.protection.use.outer_end.stalker_meat.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.stalker_meat
fe.protection.use.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.outer_end.stalker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.paraglider.anti_vessel.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.paraglider.anti_vessel
fe.protection.use.paraglider.deku_leaf.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.paraglider.deku_leaf
fe.protection.use.paraglider.essence.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.paraglider.essence
fe.protection.use.paraglider.heart_container.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.paraglider.heart_container
fe.protection.use.paraglider.paraglider.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.paraglider.paraglider
fe.protection.use.paraglider.spirit_orb.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.paraglider.spirit_orb
fe.protection.use.paraglider.stamina_vessel.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.paraglider.stamina_vessel
fe.protection.use.patchouli.guide_book.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.patchouli.guide_book
fe.protection.use.platforms.wrench.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.platforms.wrench
fe.protection.use.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.progressivebosses.elder_guardian_spike
fe.protection.use.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.progressivebosses.nether_star_shard
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.aspen_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.baobab_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.clam.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_bucket
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_chowder
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.clam_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.coconut_milk
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.cooked_clam
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.cottonwood_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.cracked_coconut
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.fir_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.joshua_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_berries
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.juniper_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.mangrove_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.maple_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.palm_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.pearl
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.pine_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.redwood_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.sakura_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.slug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.small_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.snail_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.starfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.tamarack_boat
fe.protection.use.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectvibrantjourneys.willow_boat
fe.protection.use.quark.abacus.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.quark.abacus
fe.protection.use.quark.ancient_tome.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.ancient_tome
fe.protection.use.quark.backpack.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.quark.backpack
fe.protection.use.quark.biotite.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.quark.biotite
fe.protection.use.quark.black_item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.black_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.black_rune.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.black_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.black_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.black_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.blank_rune.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.blank_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.blue_item_frame.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.blue_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.blue_rune.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.blue_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.blue_shard.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.blue_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.bottled_cloud.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.quark.bottled_cloud
fe.protection.use.quark.brown_item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.brown_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.brown_rune.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.brown_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.brown_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.brown_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.cactus_paste.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.cactus_paste
fe.protection.use.quark.clear_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.clear_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.cooked_crab_leg
fe.protection.use.quark.cooked_frog_leg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.cooked_frog_leg
fe.protection.use.quark.crab_leg.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.quark.crab_leg
fe.protection.use.quark.crab_shell.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.crab_shell
fe.protection.use.quark.crab_spawn_egg.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.quark.crab_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.cyan_item_frame.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.cyan_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.cyan_rune.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.cyan_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.cyan_shard.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.cyan_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.diamond_heart.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.quark.diamond_heart
fe.protection.use.quark.dirty_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.dirty_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.dragon_scale.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.dragon_scale
fe.protection.use.quark.flamerang.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.flamerang
fe.protection.use.quark.forgotten_hat.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.quark.forgotten_hat
fe.protection.use.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.quark.forgotten_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.quark.foxhound_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.frog_leg.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.quark.frog_leg
fe.protection.use.quark.frog_spawn_egg.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.quark.frog_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.glass_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.quark.glowing_glass_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.golden_frog_leg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.golden_frog_leg
fe.protection.use.quark.gray_item_frame.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.gray_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.gray_rune.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.gray_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.gray_shard.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.gray_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.green_item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.green_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.green_rune.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.green_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.green_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.green_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.light_blue_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.quark.light_blue_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.light_blue_rune.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.light_blue_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.light_blue_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.light_blue_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.light_gray_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.quark.light_gray_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.light_gray_rune.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.light_gray_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.light_gray_shard.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.light_gray_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.lime_item_frame.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.lime_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.lime_rune.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.lime_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.lime_shard.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.lime_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.magenta_item_frame.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.quark.magenta_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.magenta_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.magenta_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.magenta_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.quark.magenta_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_chatter.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_chatter
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_clock.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_clock
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_crickets.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_crickets
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_drips.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_drips
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_endermosh.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_endermosh
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_fire.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_fire
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_ocean.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_ocean
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_rain.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_rain
fe.protection.use.quark.music_disc_wind.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.music_disc_wind
fe.protection.use.quark.orange_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.quark.orange_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.orange_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.orange_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.orange_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.orange_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.pickarang.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.pickarang
fe.protection.use.quark.pink_item_frame.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.pink_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.pink_rune.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.pink_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.pink_shard.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.pink_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.purple_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.quark.purple_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.purple_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.purple_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.purple_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.purple_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.rainbow_rune.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.rainbow_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.ravager_hide.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.ravager_hide
fe.protection.use.quark.red_item_frame.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.quark.red_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.red_rune.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.quark.red_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.red_shard.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.red_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.root_item.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.root_item
fe.protection.use.quark.seed_pouch.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.seed_pouch
fe.protection.use.quark.shiba_spawn_egg.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.quark.shiba_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.slime_in_a_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.quark.slime_in_a_bucket
fe.protection.use.quark.soul_bead.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.quark.soul_bead
fe.protection.use.quark.soul_compass.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.soul_compass
fe.protection.use.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.quark.stoneling_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.tallow.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.quark.tallow
fe.protection.use.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.quark.toretoise_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.trowel.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.quark.trowel
fe.protection.use.quark.white_item_frame.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.white_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.white_rune.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.quark.white_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.white_shard.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.white_shard
fe.protection.use.quark.wraith_spawn_egg.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.quark.wraith_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.quark.wrapped_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.quark.yellow_item_frame.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.quark.yellow_item_frame
fe.protection.use.quark.yellow_rune.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.quark.yellow_rune
fe.protection.use.quark.yellow_shard.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.quark.yellow_shard
fe.protection.use.rats.archeologist_hat.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.archeologist_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.assorted_vegetables.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.assorted_vegetables
fe.protection.use.rats.bee_wing.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.bee_wing
fe.protection.use.rats.black_death_mask.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.black_death_mask
fe.protection.use.rats.blue_cheese.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.blue_cheese
fe.protection.use.rats.centipede.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.centipede
fe.protection.use.rats.charged_creeper_chunk.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.charged_creeper_chunk
fe.protection.use.rats.cheese.*                                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.cheese
fe.protection.use.rats.cheese_banner_pattern.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.cheese_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.rats.cheese_stick.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.rats.cheese_stick
fe.protection.use.rats.chef_toque.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.rats.chef_toque
fe.protection.use.rats.confit_byaldi.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.confit_byaldi
fe.protection.use.rats.contaminated_food.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.contaminated_food
fe.protection.use.rats.cooked_rat.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.rats.cooked_rat
fe.protection.use.rats.corrupt_rat_skull.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.corrupt_rat_skull
fe.protection.use.rats.creative_cheese.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.creative_cheese
fe.protection.use.rats.crimson_liquid.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.crimson_liquid
fe.protection.use.rats.dragon_wing.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.dragon_wing
fe.protection.use.rats.exterminator_hat.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.exterminator_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.farmer_hat.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.rats.farmer_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.feathery_wing.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.feathery_wing
fe.protection.use.rats.filth.*                                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.filth
fe.protection.use.rats.filth_corruption.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.filth_corruption
fe.protection.use.rats.fisherman_hat.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.fisherman_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.gilded_rat_flute.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.gilded_rat_flute
fe.protection.use.rats.golden_rat_skull.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.golden_rat_skull
fe.protection.use.rats.halo_hat.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.halo_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.herb_bundle.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.herb_bundle
fe.protection.use.rats.little_black_squash_balls.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.little_black_squash_balls
fe.protection.use.rats.little_black_worm.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.little_black_worm
fe.protection.use.rats.music_disc_living_mice.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.music_disc_living_mice
fe.protection.use.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.music_disc_mice_on_venus
fe.protection.use.rats.nether_cheese.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.nether_cheese
fe.protection.use.rats.party_hat_1.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.party_hat_1
fe.protection.use.rats.party_hat_2.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.party_hat_2
fe.protection.use.rats.party_hat_3.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.party_hat_3
fe.protection.use.rats.party_hat_4.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.party_hat_4
fe.protection.use.rats.patrol_stick.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.rats.patrol_stick
fe.protection.use.rats.piper_hat.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.piper_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.pirat_hat.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.pirat_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.plague_doctor_mask.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.plague_doctor_mask
fe.protection.use.rats.plague_doctorate.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.plague_doctorate
fe.protection.use.rats.plague_essence.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.plague_essence
fe.protection.use.rats.plague_leech.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.rats.plague_leech
fe.protection.use.rats.plague_scythe.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.plague_scythe
fe.protection.use.rats.plague_stew.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.plague_stew
fe.protection.use.rats.plague_tome.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.plague_tome
fe.protection.use.rats.plastic_waste.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.plastic_waste
fe.protection.use.rats.potato_kinishes.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.potato_kinishes
fe.protection.use.rats.potato_pancake.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.potato_pancake
fe.protection.use.rats.purifying_liquid.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.purifying_liquid
fe.protection.use.rats.radius_stick.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.rats.radius_stick
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_and_crossbones_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_arrow.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_arrow
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_banner_pattern.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_banner_pattern
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_breeding_lantern.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_breeding_lantern
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_burger.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_burger
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_capture_net.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_capture_net
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_fez.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_fez
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_flute.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_flute
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_black.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_black
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_blue.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_blue
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_brown.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_brown
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_cyan.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_cyan
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_gray.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_gray
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_green.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_green
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_light_blue
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_light_gray
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_lime.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_lime
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_magenta.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_magenta
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_orange.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_orange
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_pink.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_pink
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_purple.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_purple
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_red.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_red
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_white.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_white
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_hammock_yellow.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_hammock_yellow
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_black.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_black
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_blue.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_blue
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_brown.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_brown
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_cyan.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_cyan
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_gray.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_gray
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_green.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_green
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_light_blue
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_light_gray
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_lime.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_lime
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_magenta.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_magenta
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_orange.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_orange
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_pink.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_pink
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_purple.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_purple
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_red.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_red
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_white.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_white
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_igloo_yellow.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_igloo_yellow
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_king_crown.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_king_crown
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_nugget.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_nugget
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_nugget_ore.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_nugget_ore
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_papers.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_papers
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_paw.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_paw
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_pelt.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_pelt
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_sack.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_sack
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_seed_bowl.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_seed_bowl
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_skull.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_skull
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_black.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_black
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_blue.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_blue
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_brown.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_brown
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_cyan.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_cyan
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_gray.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_gray
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_green.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_green
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_light_blue.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_light_blue
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_light_gray.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_light_gray
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_lime.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_lime
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_magenta.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_magenta
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_orange.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_orange
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_pink.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_pink
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_purple.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_purple
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_red.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_red
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_white.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_white
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_tube_yellow.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_tube_yellow
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_advanced_energy
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_angel.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_angel
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_aquatic
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_aristocrat
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_armor.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_armor
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_asbestos
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_basic.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_energy
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_basic_mount
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_beast_mount
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_bee.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_bee
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_big_bucket
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_blacklist
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_bow.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_bow
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_breeder
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_bucket
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_carrat
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_chef.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_chef
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_chicken_mount
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_christmas
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_combined.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_combined_creative
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_crafting
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_creative.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_creative
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_crossbow
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_damage_protection
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_demon.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_demon
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_disenchanter
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_dragon
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_elite_energy
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_enchanter
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_ender.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_ender
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_extreme_energy
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_farmer
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_fisherman
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_flight.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_flight
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_gemcutter
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_god.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_god
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_golem_mount
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_health.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_health
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_jury_rigged
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_lumberjack
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_milker.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_milker
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_miner.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_miner_ore
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_no_flute
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_ore_doubling
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_placer.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_placer
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_platter.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_platter
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_poison.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_poison
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_quarry
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_replanter
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_shears.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_shears
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_speed.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_speed
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_strength.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_strength
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_strider_mount
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_tick_accelerator
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_tnt_survivor
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_undead.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_undead
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_underwater
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_voodoo
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_warrior
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_upgrade_whitelist
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_water_bottle.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_water_bottle
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_wheel.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_wheel
fe.protection.use.rats.rat_whistle.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.rat_whistle
fe.protection.use.rats.ratbow_essence.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.ratbow_essence
fe.protection.use.rats.raw_plastic.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.raw_plastic
fe.protection.use.rats.raw_rat.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.raw_rat
fe.protection.use.rats.santa_hat.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.santa_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_black_death.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_black_death
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_demon_rat
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_piper.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_piper
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_beast
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_cloud
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_plague_doctor
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_rat.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_rat
fe.protection.use.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.rats.spawn_egg_rat_king
fe.protection.use.rats.string_cheese.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.rats.string_cheese
fe.protection.use.rats.tangled_rat_tails.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.rats.tangled_rat_tails
fe.protection.use.rats.tiny_coin.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.rats.tiny_coin
fe.protection.use.rats.token_fragment.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.rats.token_fragment
fe.protection.use.rats.token_piece.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.rats.token_piece
fe.protection.use.rats.top_hat.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.top_hat
fe.protection.use.rats.treacle.*                                                                                # (default: true) USE item.rats.treacle
fe.protection.use.rechiseled.chisel.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE rechiseled.item.chisel
fe.protection.use.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.recruits.bowman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.recruits.nomad_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.recruits.recruit_shieldman_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.recruits.recruit_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.blast_proof_plating
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.cleaver_of_beheading
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.conch_of_conjuring
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.creeper_spores.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.creeper_spores
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.executioner_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.griefer_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.griefer_boots
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.griefer_chestplate
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.griefer_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.griefer_helmet
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.griefer_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.griefer_leggings
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.griefer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.iceologer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.mask_of_dishonesty
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.mischief_arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.mischief_arrow
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.skeleton_villager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.trickster_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.savageandravage.wand_of_freezing
fe.protection.use.scuba_gear.scuba_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.scuba_gear.scuba_boots
fe.protection.use.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.scuba_gear.scuba_chestplate
fe.protection.use.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.scuba_gear.scuba_helmet
fe.protection.use.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.scuba_gear.scuba_leggings
fe.protection.use.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.secretroomsmod.camouflage_paste
fe.protection.use.secretroomsmod.switch_probe.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.secretroomsmod.switch_probe
fe.protection.use.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.secretroomsmod.true_vision_goggles
fe.protection.use.sereneseasons.calendar.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.sereneseasons.calendar
fe.protection.use.sereneseasons.ss_icon.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.sereneseasons.ss_icon
fe.protection.use.smallships.acacia_brigg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.smallships.acacia_brigg
fe.protection.use.smallships.acacia_cog.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.smallships.acacia_cog
fe.protection.use.smallships.birch_brigg.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.smallships.birch_brigg
fe.protection.use.smallships.birch_cog.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.smallships.birch_cog
fe.protection.use.smallships.cannon_item.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.smallships.cannon_item
fe.protection.use.smallships.cannonball_item.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.smallships.cannonball_item
fe.protection.use.smallships.dark_oak_brigg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.smallships.dark_oak_brigg
fe.protection.use.smallships.dark_oak_cog.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.smallships.dark_oak_cog
fe.protection.use.smallships.jungle_brigg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.smallships.jungle_brigg
fe.protection.use.smallships.jungle_cog.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.smallships.jungle_cog
fe.protection.use.smallships.oak_brigg.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.smallships.oak_brigg
fe.protection.use.smallships.oak_cog.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.smallships.oak_cog
fe.protection.use.smallships.sail_item.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.smallships.sail_item
fe.protection.use.smallships.spruce_brigg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.smallships.spruce_brigg
fe.protection.use.smallships.spruce_cog.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.smallships.spruce_cog
fe.protection.use.solcarrot.food_book.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.solcarrot.food_book
fe.protection.use.statues.cup.*                                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.statues.cup
fe.protection.use.statues.marshmallow.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.statues.marshmallow
fe.protection.use.statues.marshmallow_charred.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.statues.marshmallow_charred
fe.protection.use.statues.marshmallow_cooked.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.statues.marshmallow_cooked
fe.protection.use.statues.marshmallow_golden.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.statues.marshmallow_golden
fe.protection.use.statues.mooshroom_soup.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.statues.mooshroom_soup
fe.protection.use.statues.player_compass.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.statues.player_compass
fe.protection.use.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.statues.player_statue_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.statues.royal_nugget.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.statues.royal_nugget
fe.protection.use.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.statues.statue_bat_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.statues.statue_core.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.statues.statue_core
fe.protection.use.statues.tea.*                                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.statues.tea
fe.protection.use.steelsdelight.steel_knife.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.steelsdelight.steel_knife
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.conversion_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.creative_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.creative_vending_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.diamond_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.drawer_key.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.drawer_key
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.emerald_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.fill_level_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.gold_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.illumination_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.iron_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.max_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.min_redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.obsidian_storage_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.one_stack_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.quantify_key
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.redstone_upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.shroud_key.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.shroud_key
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgrade_template.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.upgrade_template
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.void_upgrade.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.void_upgrade
fe.protection.use.structurize.caliper.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.structurize.caliper
fe.protection.use.structurize.sceptergold.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.structurize.sceptergold
fe.protection.use.structurize.sceptersteel.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.structurize.sceptersteel
fe.protection.use.structurize.sceptertag.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.structurize.sceptertag
fe.protection.use.structurize.shapetool.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.structurize.shapetool
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.amethyst_arrow
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.amethyst_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.amethyst_shard
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.bomb.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.bomb
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.bomb_blue.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.bomb_blue
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.bomb_blue_projectile
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.bomb_projectile.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.bomb_projectile
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.candy.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.candy
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.firefly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.flax.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.flax
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.flint_shard.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.flint_shard
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.flute.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.flute
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.key.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.key
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.pancake_disc.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.pancake_disc
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.red_merchant_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.rope_arrow.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.rope_arrow
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_acacia
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_aged.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_aged
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_te
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_apple_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_arcane_edelwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_archwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_atm
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_aspen_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_azure.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_azure
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_bamboo
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_banana_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_baobab
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_beech_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_beeswax
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_birch.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_birch
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_blood.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_blood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_blue_enchanted
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_brown_mushroom
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_bulbis
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cactus
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_canopy_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cave_mushroom
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cedar_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_charred.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_de
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_charred_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_env
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_red
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherry_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cherrywood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cika.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cika
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_coconut_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_crimson
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_bb
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_cypress_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_oak
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_dark_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_darkwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_dead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_dead_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_deadwood_atum
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_distortic
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_dragon_tree
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_dream.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_dream
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_dreamwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_driftwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_ebony
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_edelwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_elder.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_elder
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_embur.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_embur
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_end_lotus
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_enigma
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_ether.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_ether
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_fairy_ring_mushroom_hbt
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_fir.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_fir_tr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_glowshroom_em
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_enchanted
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_green_oak_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_grimwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_grongle
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_hazel_te
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_helix_tree
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_hellbark_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_holly.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_holly_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_imparius
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_inverted
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_ab
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_jacaranda_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_jellyshroom
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_jungle
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_kousa
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_lacugrove
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_lairelosse_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_lament.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_lament
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_larch_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_lebethron_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_lemon_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_leppa
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_livingwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_lucernia
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_magic_pw
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mahogany_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mallorn_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mango_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mangrove_un
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_maple.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_aut
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_maple_pw
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mine_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mirk_oak_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_morado.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_morado
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mossy_glowshroom
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mulberry_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mushroom_em
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_mysterywood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_nanab
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_netherwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_nightshade
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_oak.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_oak
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_olive.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_olive
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_oran.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_oran
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_orange_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_painted_acacia
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_palm.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_atum
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_palm_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_palo_verde
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_peach_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_pear_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_pecha
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_pine.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_pine_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_plum_ter
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_poise.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_poise
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_poisonous_mushroom_em
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_polished.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_polished
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_purple_heart_pw
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_pythadendron
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_rainbow_eucalyptus
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_red_mushroom
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_redbud_ab
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_redwood_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_river.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_river
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_rosewood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_rotten_lotr
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_runewood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_shimmerwood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_silverbell_pw
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_sitrus
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_skyris
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_smogstem
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_sort_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_spruce
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_sythian
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_tea.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_tea
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_temporal
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_tenanea
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_tiger_pw
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_time_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_tofustem
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_trans_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_twilight_oak_tf
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_twisted
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbran_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_umbrella_tree
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_warped.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_warped
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_white.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_white
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_wigglewood
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_willow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_bop
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_env
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_willow_pw
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_wisteria_env
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_witch_hazel
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_yucca
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.sign_post_zelkova
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.slingshot.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.slingshot
fe.protection.use.supplementaries.wrench.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.supplementaries.wrench
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bacon.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.bacon
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blank_cast.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blank_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blank_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blank_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blazing_blood_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blazing_bone.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blazing_bone
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blood_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blood_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blood_slime_ball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.blood_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bloodbone.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.bloodbone
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_axe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_blade.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_blade_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.broad_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.bronze_reinforcement
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.clear_item_frame.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.clear_item_frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.cleaver
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.cobalt_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.cobalt_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.cobalt_reinforcement
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.coin_cast.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.coin_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.coin_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.coin_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.copper_can.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.copper_can
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.copper_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.copper_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.copper_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.copper_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.creative_slot.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.creative_slot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.dagger.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.dagger
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.debris_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.debris_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.diamond_item_frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.dragon_scale.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.dragon_scale
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.earth_slime_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.earth_slime_crystal
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.earth_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.earth_slime_sling
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.efln_ball.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.efln_ball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.emerald_reinforcement
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.encyclopedia.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.encyclopedia
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ender_slime_ball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ender_slime_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ender_slime_crystal
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ender_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ender_slime_sling
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ender_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.excavator.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.excavator
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.fantastic_foundry
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.flint_and_bronze
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.flint_shuriken.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.flint_shuriken
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gear_cast.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gear_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gear_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gear_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gem_cast.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gem_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gem_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gem_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.glow_ball.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.glow_ball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gold_item_frame.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gold_item_frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.gold_reinforcement
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.hammer_head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.hammer_head_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.hammer_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.hammer_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hand_axe.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.hand_axe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.hepatizon_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.hepatizon_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_ball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_crystal
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ichor_slime_sling
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ingot_cast.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ingot_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ingot_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.ingot_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.iron_reinforcement
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.jeweled_apple.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.jeweled_apple
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.kama.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.kama
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.knightslime_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.knightslime_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.large_plate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_plate_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.large_plate_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.large_plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.large_plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.liquid_soul_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.magma_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.magma_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.manyullyn_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.manyullyn_item_frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.manyullyn_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.materials_and_you.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.materials_and_you
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.mattock.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.mattock
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.mighty_smelting.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.mighty_smelting
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_aluminum_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_brass_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_clay_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_cobalt_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_constantan_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_copper_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_debris_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_diamond_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_electrum_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_emerald_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_ender_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_enderium_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_glass_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_gold_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_hepatizon_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_invar_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_iron_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_knightslime_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_lead_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_lumium_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_netherite_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_nickel_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_osmium_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_pewter_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_pig_iron_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_platinum_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_porcelain_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_quartz_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_queens_slime_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_refined_glowstone_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_refined_obsidian_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_rose_gold_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_signalum_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_silver_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_slimesteel_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_soulsteel_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_steel_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_tin_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_tinkers_bronze_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_tungsten_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_uranium_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.molten_zinc_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.necronium_bone.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.necronium_bone
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.necrotic_bone.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.necrotic_bone
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.netherite_item_frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.netherite_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.netherite_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.nugget_cast.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.nugget_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.nugget_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.nugget_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pattern.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pattern
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pickaxe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe_head.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pickaxe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pig_iron_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.pig_iron_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.piggy_backpack.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.piggy_backpack
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.plate_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.plate_boots
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.plate_cast.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.plate_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.plate_chestplate.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.plate_chestplate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.plate_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.plate_helmet
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.plate_leggings.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.plate_leggings
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.plate_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.plate_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.puny_smelting.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.puny_smelting
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.quartz_shuriken
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.queens_slime_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.queens_slime_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.repair_kit.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.repair_kit
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.repair_kit_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.repair_kit_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.repair_kit_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.reversed_gold_item_frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rod_cast.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.rod_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.rod_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.rod_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.rose_gold_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.rose_gold_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scorched_brick.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.scorched_brick
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.scorched_stone_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scythe.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.scythe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.seared_brick.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.seared_brick
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.seared_reinforcement
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.seared_stone_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.silky_cloth.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.silky_cloth
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.silky_jewel.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.silky_jewel
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sky_slime_ball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sky_slime_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sky_slime_crystal
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sky_slime_grass_seeds
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sky_slime_sling
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sky_slime_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sledge_hammer.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sledge_hammer
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.slime_boots
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slime_chestplate.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.slime_chestplate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slime_helmet.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.slime_helmet
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slime_leggings.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.slime_leggings
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.slimesteel_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.slimesteel_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.slimesteel_reinforcement
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_axe_head.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_axe_head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_axe_head_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_blade.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_blade_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_blade_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_blade_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.small_blade_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.soulsteel_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.soulsteel_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sword.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.sword
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.terracube_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tinkers_bronze_nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tinkers_gadgetry
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_binding.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_binding
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_binding_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_binding_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_binding_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_handle.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_handle
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_handle_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tool_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_handle.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tough_handle
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tough_handle_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tough_handle_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.tough_handle_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.travelers_boots.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.travelers_boots
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.travelers_chestplate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.travelers_helmet.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.travelers_helmet
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.travelers_leggings.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.travelers_leggings
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.vein_hammer.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.vein_hammer
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.venom_bucket.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.venom_bucket
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.wire_cast.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.wire_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.wire_red_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.wire_sand_cast
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_gem.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_gem
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aberythe_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aberythe_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_gem.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_gem
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aboranys_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aboranys_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.abylager_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.abyss_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.abyss_powder.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.abyss_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.abyss_sword.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.abyss_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.abyssal_lion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.abyssal_moth_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.abyssaur_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.amuled_of_nosaj
fe.protection.use.theabyss.anima_dust.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.anima_dust
fe.protection.use.theabyss.anima_nugget.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.anima_nugget
fe.protection.use.theabyss.anti_fear_essence.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.anti_fear_essence
fe.protection.use.theabyss.anti_infect_essence.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.anti_infect_essence
fe.protection.use.theabyss.apple_of_immortality.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.apple_of_immortality
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ardor_powder.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ardor_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.areno_bucket.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.areno_bucket
fe.protection.use.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.artifact_of_after_life
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aurel_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.aurel_powder.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.aurel_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.auto_smelt_pick_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_armor_boots.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_axe.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_hoe.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_pickaxe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_shovel.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bone_sword_item.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bone_sword_item
fe.protection.use.theabyss.book_icon.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.book_icon
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.use.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.brain_walker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bricked_knight_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.bricked_knight_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.broken_bone.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.broken_bone
fe.protection.use.theabyss.caverna_crystal.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.caverna_crystal
fe.protection.use.theabyss.caverna_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.caverna_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.clock_of_time.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.clock_of_time
fe.protection.use.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.cooked_deer_beef
fe.protection.use.theabyss.cooked_fish.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.cooked_fish
fe.protection.use.theabyss.creeper_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.creeper_dust
fe.protection.use.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.crimson_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.crimson_powder.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.crimson_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.crystal_golem_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.crystal_hand.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.crystal_hand
fe.protection.use.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.cyanide_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.cyanide_theme.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.cyanide_theme
fe.protection.use.theabyss.deer_beef.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.deer_beef
fe.protection.use.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.dimensional_crack_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.elder_eye.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.elder_eye
fe.protection.use.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.elder_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.enchanted_bottle_of_somnium
fe.protection.use.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.end_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ender_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ender_powder.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ender_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.eye_of_abyss.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.eye_of_abyss
fe.protection.use.theabyss.eyeicon.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.eyeicon
fe.protection.use.theabyss.eyelie_attack.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.eyelie_attack
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fear_powder.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fear_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fire_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fish.*                                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fish
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fixed_bone.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fixed_bone
fe.protection.use.theabyss.florite_armor_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.florite_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.florite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.florite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.florite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.florite_gem.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.florite_gem
fe.protection.use.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.frost_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.frost_powder.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.frost_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.frost_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.frost_world.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.frost_world
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_axe.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_hoe.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_ingot.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_shovel.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusion_sword.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusion_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_aberythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.fusioned_unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_axe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_hoe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_shovel.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.garnite_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.garnite_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.glacerythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.glacerythe_gem.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.glacerythe_gem
fe.protection.use.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.glow_pug_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ground_lands.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ground_lands
fe.protection.use.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.guide_book.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.guide_book
fe.protection.use.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.hammer_of_abyss
fe.protection.use.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.haunted_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.hollow_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.hollow_powder.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.hollow_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.hylia_fox_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ice_knight_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ice_skeleton_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.icora_nugget.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.icora_nugget
fe.protection.use.theabyss.icora_stone.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.icora_stone
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ignisithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ignisithe_gem.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ignisithe_gem
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ignisithe_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ignisithe_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.immortal_substance.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.immortal_substance
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_axe.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_gem.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_gem
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_hoe.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_shovel.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_sword.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.incorythe_sword_mkii
fe.protection.use.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.infceted_cow_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.infected_creeper_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.infected_phantom_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.infected_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.infected_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.infected_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.jungle_lurker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.jungle_melon_item.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.jungle_melon_item
fe.protection.use.theabyss.knight_axe.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.knight_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.knight_hoe.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.knight_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.knight_ingot.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.knight_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.knight_pick_axe.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.knight_pick_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.knight_shard.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.knight_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.knight_shovel.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.knight_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.knight_sword.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.knight_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.laro_fish_fly_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.laro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.lizard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.lokus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.loran.*                                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.loran
fe.protection.use.theabyss.loran_energy.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.loran_energy
fe.protection.use.theabyss.loran_ingot.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.loran_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.lumus_fruit_food
fe.protection.use.theabyss.lurker_juice.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.lurker_juice
fe.protection.use.theabyss.lurker_sobber.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.lurker_sobber
fe.protection.use.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.luro_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.magical_deer_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.magician_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.mud_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.mutated_enderpearl
fe.protection.use.theabyss.nether_nugget.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.nether_nugget
fe.protection.use.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.night_blade_boss_clone_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.night_hunter_abl_2
fe.protection.use.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.night_hunter_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.nightblade_boss_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.nightblade_theme.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.nightblade_theme
fe.protection.use.theabyss.node_shard.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.node_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.nosaj_sword.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.nosaj_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_attack.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_attack
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_axe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_essence.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_essence
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_hoe.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_ingot.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_pickaxe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_shovel.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_soul_item.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_soul_item
fe.protection.use.theabyss.phantom_sword.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.phantom_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.player_body_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.powered_wolf_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ralu_fish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.raptor_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_black_strike_attack
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_blackstrike
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_curse.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_curse
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_eagle.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_eagle
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_electro.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_electro
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_ender_chest
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_fangs.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_fangs
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_fart.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_fart
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_fire.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_fire
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_fire_strike_attack
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_firestorm
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_firestrike
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_firework.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_firework
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_flight.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_flight
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_freeze.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_freeze
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_ghosts
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_home.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_home
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_invisibility
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_jugger.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_jugger
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_nature.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_nature
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_nightblade
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_ocean.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_ocean
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_pocket_box
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_reg.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_reg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_ring.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_ring
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_seeker.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_seeker
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_slide.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_slide
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_spectral.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_spectral
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_speed.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_speed
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_telekinetic
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_teleport.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_teleport
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_thunder.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_thunder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.ring_of_time.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.ring_of_time
fe.protection.use.theabyss.roka_horn.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.roka_horn
fe.protection.use.theabyss.rotten_flesh.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.rotten_flesh
fe.protection.use.theabyss.scorpion_eye.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.scorpion_eye
fe.protection.use.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.scorpion_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.shattered_zombie_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.shuriken.*                                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.shuriken
fe.protection.use.theabyss.shuriken_explosive.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.shuriken_explosive
fe.protection.use.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.slime_spider_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.slime_stage_1.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.slime_stage_1
fe.protection.use.theabyss.slime_stage_2.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.slime_stage_2
fe.protection.use.theabyss.slime_stage_3.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.slime_stage_3
fe.protection.use.theabyss.slime_stage_4.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.slime_stage_4
fe.protection.use.theabyss.somnium.*                                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.somnium
fe.protection.use.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.somnium_cooldown_upgrade
fe.protection.use.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.somnium_damage_upragde
fe.protection.use.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.somnium_regen_upgrade
fe.protection.use.theabyss.somnium_upgrade.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.somnium_upgrade
fe.protection.use.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.soul_guard_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.soul_heart.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.soul_heart
fe.protection.use.theabyss.spectral_spawn.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.spectral_spawn
fe.protection.use.theabyss.storyicon.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.storyicon
fe.protection.use.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.summoned_seeker_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.tenebris_powder.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.tenebris_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.test_tube.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.test_tube
fe.protection.use.theabyss.test_tube_head.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.test_tube_head
fe.protection.use.theabyss.the_abyss.*                                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.the_abyss
fe.protection.use.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.the_roka_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.thunder_dust.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.thunder_dust
fe.protection.use.theabyss.thunder_nugget.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.thunder_nugget
fe.protection.use.theabyss.thunder_stone.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.thunder_stone
fe.protection.use.theabyss.totem_of_abyss.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.totem_of_abyss
fe.protection.use.theabyss.totem_of_thunder.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.totem_of_thunder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.totem_of_time.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.totem_of_time
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unactive_fusion_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_boots
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_chestplate
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_helmet
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_armor_leggings
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_axe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_hoe.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_hoe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_ingot
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_pick_axe
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_shovel.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_shovel
fe.protection.use.theabyss.unorithe_sword.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.unorithe_sword
fe.protection.use.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.versa_whale_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.theabyss.vit_powder.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.vit_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.vitae_dust.*                                                                         # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.vitae_dust
fe.protection.use.theabyss.vitae_nugget.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.vitae_nugget
fe.protection.use.theabyss.vitae_stone.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.vitae_stone
fe.protection.use.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.warped_crystal_shard
fe.protection.use.theabyss.warped_powder.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.warped_powder
fe.protection.use.theabyss.wart_shroom.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.theabyss.wart_shroom
fe.protection.use.titles.title_fragment.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.titles.title_fragment
fe.protection.use.titles.title_scroll_common.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.titles.title_scroll_common
fe.protection.use.titles.title_scroll_rare.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.titles.title_scroll_rare
fe.protection.use.titles.title_scroll_uncommon.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.titles.title_scroll_uncommon
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.aluminum_ingot
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.aluminum_nugget
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.book.*                                                                             # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.book
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.copper_ingot.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.copper_ingot
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.copper_nugget.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.copper_nugget
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.upgrade_blank.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.upgrade_blank
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_advanced
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.upgrade_drawbridge_distance
fe.protection.use.tmechworks.upgrade_speed.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.tmechworks.upgrade_speed
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.backpack_tank
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.blank_upgrade
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.diamond_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.gold_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.hose.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.hose
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.hose_nozzle
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.iron_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.use.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.travelersbackpack.netherite_tier_upgrade
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_blue_pickerelweed
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.boiled_purple_pickerelweed
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_lionfish
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_perch
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.cooked_pike
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.driftwood_boat
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.flare_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_bucket
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.glow_squid_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.glowing_ink_sac
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.goose_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.great_thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.jellyfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_bucket
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.lionfish_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_bread
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_jam_bottle
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.mulberry_pie
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_bucket
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.nautilus_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.perch.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.perch
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_bucket
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.perch_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.pike.*                                                                        # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.pike
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_bucket
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.pike_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.prismarine_rod
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.river_boat
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.squid_bucket
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.upgrade_aquatic.thrasher_tooth
fe.protection.use.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.voidtotem.totem_of_void_undying
fe.protection.use.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.waddles.adelie_penguin_spawn_egg
fe.protection.use.watercan.watercan_diamond.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.watercan.watercan_diamond
fe.protection.use.watercan.watercan_gold.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.watercan.watercan_gold
fe.protection.use.watercan.watercan_iron.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.watercan.watercan_iron
fe.protection.use.watercan.watercan_stone.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE item.watercan.watercan_stone
fe.protection.use.watercan.watercan_wood.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.watercan.watercan_wood
fe.protection.use.watersource.coconut_chicken.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.watersource.coconut_chicken
fe.protection.use.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.watersource.coconut_milk_bottle
fe.protection.use.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.watersource.coconut_milk_bucket
fe.protection.use.watersource.coconut_piece.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE item.watersource.coconut_piece
fe.protection.use.watersource.half_coconut.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.watersource.half_coconut
fe.protection.use.watersource.leather_water_bag.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.watersource.leather_water_bag
fe.protection.use.watersource.purified_water_bottle.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.watersource.purified_water_bottle
fe.protection.use.watersource.purified_water_bucket.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.watersource.purified_water_bucket
fe.protection.use.watersource.soul_water_bottle.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.watersource.soul_water_bottle
fe.protection.use.watersource.soul_water_bucket.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.watersource.soul_water_bucket
fe.protection.use.watersource.wooden_cup.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.watersource.wooden_cup
fe.protection.use.watersource.wooden_cup_drink.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.watersource.wooden_cup_drink
fe.protection.use.waterworks.firework_anti_rain.*                                                               # (default: true) USE item.waterworks.firework_anti_rain
fe.protection.use.waterworks.firework_rain.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE item.waterworks.firework_rain
fe.protection.use.waterworks.material_controller.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.waterworks.material_controller
fe.protection.use.waterworks.material_energy_adapter.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.waterworks.material_energy_adapter
fe.protection.use.waterworks.pipe_wrench.*                                                                      # (default: true) USE item.waterworks.pipe_wrench
fe.protection.use.waterworks.waterworks_debugger.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.waterworks.waterworks_debugger
fe.protection.use.weeping_angels.chisel.*                                                                       # (default: true) USE item.weeping_angels.chisel
fe.protection.use.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.weeping_angels.chronodyne_generator
fe.protection.use.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.weeping_angels.kontron_ingot
fe.protection.use.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.weeping_angels.music_disc_sally
fe.protection.use.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.weeping_angels.music_disc_time_prevails
fe.protection.use.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.weeping_angels.timey_wimey_detector
fe.protection.use.weeping_angels.weeping_angel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.weeping_angels.weeping_angel
